 Transcriber’s note:   Text enclosed by underscores is in italics (_italics_).      CHILDREN OF MEN   [Illustration: “‘_The sheep are coming! They’re coming over the hill! Watch, Liebchen; watch, precious!_’”]   CHILDREN OF MEN  by  BRUNO LESSING   [Illustration: ALDI DISCIP AMERICANVS]    “_For He doth not afflict willingly  nor grieve the children of men._”       New York Mcclure, PhillipsCo. MCMIII  Copyright, by McClure, PhillipsCo.  Copyright, by S. S. McClure Co.  Published, September,       CONTENTS    PAGE   THE END OF THE TASK,  THE SADER GUEST,  A RIFT IN THE CLOUD,  OUT OF HIS ORBIT,  THE POISONED CHAI,  URIM AND THUMMIM,  A YIDDISH IDYLL,  THE STORY OF SARAI,  THE AMERICANISATION OF SHADRACH COHEN,  HANNUKAH LIGHTS,  A SWALLOWTAILER FOR TWO,  DEBORAH,  AN INTERRUPTION,  THE MURDERER,  UNCONVERTED,  WITHOUT FEAR OF GOD,  THE SUN OF WISDOM,  A DAUGHTER OF ISRAEL,  THE MESSAGE OF ARCTURUS,  QUEER SCHARENSTEIN,  THE COMPACT,  A SONG OF SONGS,  A WEDDING IN DURESS,     THE END OF THE TASK    I  The sewingmachines whirred like a thousand devils. You have no idea what a noise thirty sewingmachines will make when they are running at full speed. Each machine is made up of dozens of little wheels and cogs and levers and ratchets, and each part tries to pound, scrape, squeak and bang and roar louder than all the others. The old man who went crazy last year in this very same shop used to sit in the cell where they chained him, with his fingers in his ears, to keep out the noise of the sewingmachines. He said the incessant din was eating into his brains, and, time and again, he tried to dash out those poor brains against the padded wall.  The sewingmachines whirred and roared and clicked, and the noise drowned every other sound. Braun finished garment after garment and arranged them in a pile beside his machine. When there were twenty in the pile he paused in his work—if your eyes were shut you would never have known that one machine had stopped—and he carried the garments to the counter, where the marker gave him a ticket for them. Then he returned to his machine. This was the routine of his daily labour from seven o’clock in the morning until seven o’clock at night. The only deviation from this routine occurred when Lizschen laid the twentieth garment that she had finished upon her pile and Braun saw her fragile figure stoop to raise the pile. Then his machine would stop, in two strides he would be at her side, and with a smile he would carry the garments to the counter for her and bring her the ticket for them. Lizschen would cease working to watch him, and when he handed her the ticket she would smile at him, and sometimes, when no one was looking, she would seize his hand and press it tightly against her cheek—oh! so tightly, as if she were drowning, and that hand were a rock of safety. And, when she resumed her work, a tear would roll slowly over the very spot where his hand had rested, tremble for an instant upon her pale cheek, and then fall upon the garment where the needle would sew it firmly into the seam. But you never would have known that two machines had stopped for a moment; there were twentyeight others to keep up the roaring and the rattling and the hum.  On and on they roared. There was no other sound to conflict with or to vary the monotony. At each machine sat a human being working with hand, foot, and eye, watching the flashing needle, guarding the margin of the seams, jerking the cloth hither and thither quickly, accurately, watching the spool to see that the thread ran freely, oiling the gear with one hand while the other continued to push the garment rapidly under the needle, the whole body swaying, bending, twisting this way and that to keep time and pace with the work. Every muscle of the body toiled, but the mind was free—free as a bird to fly from that suffocating room out to green fields and woods and flowers. And Braun was thinking.  Linder had told him of a wonderful place where beautiful pictures could be looked at for nothing. It was probably untrue. Linder was not above lying. Braun had been in this country six long years, and in all that time he had never found anything that could be had for nothing. Yet Linder said he had seen them. Paintings in massive gold frames, real, solid gold, and such paintings! Woodland scenes and oceans and ships and cattle and mountains, and beautiful ladies—such pictures as the theatrical posters and the lithograph advertisements on the streets displayed, only these were real. And it cost nothing to look at them!  Nineteen—twenty! That completed the pile. It had taken about an hour, and he had earned seven cents. He carried the pile to the counter, received his ticket, and returned to his machine, stopping only to smile at Lizschen, who had finished but half a pile in that time, and who looked so white and tired, yet smiled so sweetly at him—then on with his work and thoughts.  He would take Lizschen to see them. It was probably all a lie, but the place was far, far uptown, near Madison Square—Braun had never been north of Houston Street—and the walk might do Lizschen good. He would say nothing to her about the pictures until he came to the place and found out for himself if Linder had told the truth. Otherwise the disappointment might do her harm.  Poor Lizschen! A feeling of wild, blind rage overwhelmed Braun for an instant, then passed away, leaving his frame rigid and his teeth tightly clenched. While it lasted he worked like an automaton, seeing nothing, hearing nothing, feeling nothing save a chaotic tumult in his heart and brain that could find no vent in words, no audible expression save in a fierce outcry against fate—resistless, remorseless fate. A few months ago these attacks had come upon him more frequently, and had lasted for hours, leaving him exhausted and ill. But they had become rarer and less violent; there is no misfortune to which the human mind cannot ultimately become reconciled. Lizschen was soon to die. Braun had rebelled; his heart and soul, racked almost beyond endurance, had cried out against the horror, the injustice, the wanton cruelty, of his browneyed, palecheeked Lizschen wasting away to death before his eyes. But there was no hope, and he had gradually become reconciled. The physician at the public dispensary had told him she might live a month or she might live a year longer, he could not foretell more accurately, but of ultimate recovery there was no hope on earth. And Braun’s rebellious outbursts against cruel fate had become rarer and rarer. Do not imagine that these emotions had ever shaped themselves in so many words, or that he had attempted by any process of reasoning to argue the matter with himself or to see vividly what it all meant, what horrible ordeal he was passing through, or what the future held in store for him. From his tenth year until his twentieth Braun had worked in factories in Russia, often under the lash. He was twentysix, and his six years in this country had been spent in sweatshops. Such men do not formulate thoughts in words: they feel dumbly, like dogs and horses.    II  The day’s work was done. Braun and Lizschen were walking slowly uptown, hand in hand, attracting many an inquiring, halfpitying glance. She was so white, he so haggard and wildeyed. It was a delightful spring night, the air was balmy and soothing, and Lizschen coughed less than she had for several days. Braun had spoken of a picture he had once seen in a shopwindow in Russia. Lizschen’s eyes had become animated.  “They are so wonderful, those painters,” she said. “With nothing but brushes they put colours together until you can see the trees moving in the breeze, and almost imagine you hear the birds in them.”  “I don’t care much for trees,” said Braun, “or birds either. I like ships and battle pictures where people are doing something great.”  “Maybe that is because you have always lived in cities,” said Lizschen. “When I was a girl I lived in the country, near Odessa, and oh, how beautiful the trees were and how sweet the flowers! And I used to sit under a tree and look at the woods across the valley all day long. Ah, if I could only——!”  She checked herself and hoped that Braun had not heard. But he had heard and his face had clouded. He, too, had wished and wished and wished through many a sleepless night, and now he could easily frame the unfinished thought in Lizschen’s mind. If he could send her to the country, to some place where the air was warm and dry, perhaps her days might be prolonged. But he could not. He had to work and she had to work, and he had to look on and watch her toiling, toiling, day after day, without end, without hope. The alternative was to starve.  They came to the place that Linder had described, and, surely enough, before them rose a huge placard announcing that admission to the exhibition of paintings was free. The pictures were to be sold at public auction at the end of the week, and for several nights they were on inspection. The young couple stood outside the door a while, watching the people who were going in and coming out; then Braun said:  “Come, Lizschen, let us go in. It is free.”  Lizschen drew back timidly. “They will not let people like us go in. It is for nobility.” But Braun drew her forward.  “They can do no more than ask us to go out,” he said. “Besides, I would like to have a glimpse of the paintings.”  With many misgivings Lizschen followed him into the building, and found herself in a large hall, brilliantly illuminated, walled in with paintings whose gilt frames shone like fiery gold in the bright light of numerous electric lamps. For a moment the sight dazzled her, and she gasped for breath. The large room, with its soft carpet, the glittering lights and reflections, the confused mass of colours that the paintings presented to her eyes, and the air of charm that permeates all art galleries, be they ever so poor, were all things so far apart from her life, so foreign not only to her experience, but even to her imagination, that the scene seemed unreal at first, as if it had been taken from a fairy tale. Braun was of a more phlegmatic temperament, and not easily moved. The lights merely made his eyes blink a few times, and after that he saw only Lizschen’s face. He saw the blood leave it and a bright pallor overspread her cheeks, saw the frail hand move convulsively to her breast, a gesture that he knew so well, and feared that she was about to have a coughing spell. Then, suddenly, he saw the colour come flooding back to her face, and he saw her eyes sparkling, dancing with a joy that he had never seen in them before. Her whole frame seemed suddenly to become animated with a new life and vigour. Somewhat startled by this transformation he followed her gaze. Lizschen was looking at a painting.  “What is it, dear?” he asked.  “The picture,” she said in a whisper. “The green fields and that tree! And the road! It stretches over the hill! The sun will set, too, very soon. Then the sheep will come over the top of the hill. Oh, I can almost hear the leader’s bell! And there is a light breeze. See the leaves of the tree; they are moving! Can’t you feel the breeze? Oh, darling, isn’t it wonderful? I never saw anything like that before.”  Braun looked curiously at the canvas. To his eyes it presented a woodland scene, very natural, to be sure, but not more natural than nature, and equally uninteresting to him. He looked around him to select a painting upon which he could expend more enthusiasm.  “Now, there’s the kind I like, Lizschen,” he said. “That storm on the ocean, with the big ship going to pieces. And that big picture over there with all the soldiers rushing to battle.”  He found several others and was pointing out what he found to admire in them, when, happening to look at his companion’s face, he saw that her eyes were still fastened upon the woodland picture, and he realised that she had not heard a word of what he had said. He smiled at her tenderly.  “Ah, Lizschen,” he said, “if I were rich I would take that picture right off the wall and give them a hundred dollars for it, and we would take it home with us so that Lizschen could look at it all day long.”  But still Lizschen did not hear. All that big room, with its lights and its brilliant colourings, and all those people who had come in, and even her lover at her side had faded from Lizschen’s consciousness. The picture that absorbed all her being had ceased to be a mere beautiful painting. Lizschen was walking down that road herself; the soft breeze was fanning her fevered cheeks, the rustling of the leaves had become a reality; she was walking over the hill to meet the flock of sheep, for she could hear the shepherd’s dog barking and the melodious tinkling of the leader’s bell.  From the moment of their entrance many curious glances had been directed at them. People wondered who this oddlooking, illclad couple could be. When Lizschen became absorbed in the woodland scene and stood staring at it as if it were the most wonderful thing on earth, those who observed her exchanged glances, and several onlookers smiled. Their entrance, Lizschen’s bewilderment, and then her ecstasy over the painting had all happened in the duration of three or four minutes. The liveried attendants had noticed them and had looked at one another with glances that expressed doubt as to what their duty was under the circumstances. Clearly these were not the kind of people for whom this exhibition had been arranged. They were neither lovers of art nor prospective purchasers. And they looked so shabby and so distressingly poor and illnourished.  Finally one attendant, bolder than the rest, approached them, and tapping Braun lightly upon the sleeve, said, quite goodnaturedly:  “I think you’ve made a mistake.”  Braun looked at him and shook his head and turned to Lizschen to see if she understood. But Lizschen neither saw nor heard. Then the man, seeing that he was dealing with foreigners, became more abrupt in his demeanour, and, with a grunt, pointed to the door. Braun understood. To be summarily ordered from the place seemed more natural to him than to be permitted to remain unmolested amid all that splendour. It was more in keeping with the experiences of his life. “Come, Lizschen,” he said, “let us go.” Lizschen turned to him with a smiling face, but the smile died quickly when she beheld the attendant, and she clutched Braun’s arm. “Yes, let us go,” she whispered to him, and they went out.    III  On the homeward journey not a word was spoken. Braun’s thoughts were bitter, rebellious; the injustice of life’s arrangements rankled deeply at that moment, his whole soul felt outraged, fate was cruel, life was wrong, all wrong. Lizschen, on the other hand, walked lightly, in a state of mild excitement, all her spirit elated over the picture she had seen. It had been but a brief communion with nature, but it had thrilled the hidden chords of her nature, chords of whose existence she had never dreamed before. Alas! the laws of this same beautiful nature are inexorable. For that brief moment of happiness Lizschen was to submit to swift, terrible punishment. Within a few steps of the dark tenement which Lizschen called home a sudden weakness came upon her, then a violent fit of coughing which racked her frail body as though it would render it asunder. When she took her hands from her mouth Braun saw that they were red. A faintness seized him, but he must not yield to it. Without a word he gathered Lizschen in his arms and carried her through the hallway into the rear building and then up four flights of stairs to the apartment where she lived.  Then the doctor came—he was a young man, with his own struggle for existence weighing upon him, and yet ever ready for such cases as this where the only reward lay in the approbation of his own conscience—and Braun hung upon his face for the verdict.  “It is just another attack like the last,” he was saying to himself. “She will have to lie in bed for a day, and then she will be just as well as before. Perhaps it may even help her! But it is nothing more serious. She has had many of them. I saw them myself. It is not so terribly serious. Not yet. Oh, it cannot be yet! Maybe, after a long time—but not yet—it is too soon.” Over and over again he argued thus, and in his heart did not believe it. Then the doctor shook his head and said: “It’s near the end, my friend. A few days—perhaps a week. But she cannot leave her bed again.”  Braun stood alone in the room, upright, motionless, with his fists clenched until the nails dug deep into the skin, seeing nothing, hearing nothing, feeling nothing. His eyes were dry, his lips parched. The old woman with whom Lizschen lived came out and motioned to him to enter the bedroom. Lizschen was whiter than the sheets, but her eyes were bright, and she was smiling and holding out her arms to him. “You must go now, _Liebchen_,” she said faintly. “I will be all right tomorrow. Kiss me goodnight, and I will dream about the beautiful picture.” He kissed her and went out without a word. All that night he walked the streets.  When the day dawned he went to her again. She was awake and happy. “I dreamt about it all night, _Liebchen_,” she said, joyfully. “Do you think they would let me see it again?”  He went to his work, and all that day the roar of the machines set his brain awhirring and aroaring as if it, too, had become a machine. He worked with feverish activity, and when the machines stopped he found that he had earned a dollar and five cents. Then he went to Lizschen and gave her fifty cents, which he told her he had found in the street. Lizschen was much weaker, and could only speak in a whisper. She beckoned to him to hold his ear to her lips, and she whispered:  “_Liebchen_, if I could only see the picture once more.”  “I will go and ask them, darling,” he said. “Perhaps they will let me bring it to you.”  Braun went to his room and took from his trunk a dagger that he had brought with him from Russia. It was a rusty, oldfashioned affair which even the pawnbrokers had repeatedly refused to accept. Why he kept it or for what purpose he now concealed it in his coat he could not tell. His mind had ceased to work coherently: his brain was now a machine, whirring and roaring like a thousand devils. Thought? Thought had ceased. Braun was a machine, and machines do not think.  He walked to the picture gallery. He had forgotten its exact location, but some mysterious instinct guided him straight to the spot. The doors were already opened, but the nightly throng of spectators had hardly begun to arrive. And now a strange thing happened. Braun entered and walked straight to the painting of the woodland scene that hung near the door. There was no attendant to bar his progress. A small group of persons, gathered in front of a canvas that hung a few feet away, had their backs turned to him, and stood like a screen between him and the employees of the place. Without a moment’s hesitation, without looking to right or to left, walking with a determined stride and making no effort to conceal his purpose, and, at the same time, oblivious of the fact that he was unobserved, Braun approached the painting, raised it from the hook, and, with the wire dangling loosely from it, took the painting under his arm and walked out of the place. If he had been observed, would he have brought his dagger into use? It is impossible to tell. He was a machine, and his brain was roaring. Save for one picture that rose constantly before his vision, he was blind. All that he saw was Lizschen, so white in her bed, waiting to see the woodland picture once more.  He brought it straight to her room. She was too weak to move, too worn out to express any emotion, but her eyes looked unutterable gratitude when she saw the painting.  “Did they let you have it?” she whispered.  “They were very kind,” said Braun. “I told them you wanted to see it and they said I could have it as long as I liked. When you are better I will take it back.”  Lizschen looked at him wistfully. “I will never be better, _Liebchen_,” she whispered.  Braun hung the picture at the foot of the bed where Lizschen could see it without raising her head, and then went to the window and sat there looking out into the night. Lizschen was happy beyond all bounds. Her eyes drank in every detail of the wonderful scene until her whole being became filled with the delightful spirit that pervaded and animated the painting. A master’s hand had imbued that deepening blue sky with the sadness of twilight, the soft, sweet pathos of departing day, and Lizschen’s heart beat responsive to every shade and shadow. In the waning light every outline was softened; here tranquillity reigned supreme, and Lizschen felt soothed. Yet in the distance, across the valley, the gloom of night had begun to gather. Once or twice Lizschen tried to penetrate this gloom, but the effort to see what the darkness was hiding tired her eyes.    IV  The newspapers the next day were full of the amazing story of the stolen painting. They told how the attendants at the gallery had discovered the break in the line of paintings and had immediately notified the manager of the place, who at once asked the number of the picture.  “It’s number thirtyeight,” they told him. He seized a catalogue, turned to No. and turned pale. “It’s Corot’s ‘Spring Twilight!’” he cried. “It cost the owner three thousand dollars, and we’re responsible for it!”  The newspapers went on to tell how the police had been notified, and how the best detectives had been set to work to trace the stolen painting, how all the thieves’ dens in New York had been ransacked, and all the thieves questioned and crossquestioned, all the pawnshops searched—and it all had resulted in nothing. But such excitement rarely leaks into the Ghetto, and Braun, at his machine, heard nothing of it, knew nothing of it, knew nothing of anything in the world save that the machines were roaring away in his brain and that Lizschen was dying. As soon as his work was done he went to her. She smiled at him, but was too weak to speak. He seated himself beside the bed and took her hand in his. All day long she had been looking at the picture; all day long she had been wandering along the road that ran over the hill, and now night had come and she was weary. But her eyes were glad, and when she turned them upon Braun he saw in them love unutterable and happiness beyond all description. His eyes were dry; he held her hand and stroked it mechanically; he knew not what to say. Then she fell asleep and he sat there hour after hour, heedless of the flight of time. Suddenly Lizschen sat upright, her eyes wide open and staring.  “I hear them,” she cried. “I hear them plainly. Don’t you, _Liebchen_? The sheep are coming! They’re coming over the hill! Watch, _Liebchen_; watch, precious!”  With all the force that remained in her she clutched his hand and pointed to the painting at the foot of the bed. Then she swayed from side to side, and he caught her in his arms.  “Lizschen!” he cried. “Lizschen!” But her head fell upon his arm and lay motionless.  The doctor came and saw at a glance that the patient was beyond his ministering. “It is over, my friend,” he said to Braun. At the sound of a voice Braun started, looked around him quite bewildered, and then drew a long breath which seemed to lift him out of the stupor into which he had fallen. “Yes, it is over,” he said, and, according to the custom of the orthodox, he tore a rent in his coat at the neck to the extent of a hand’s breadth. Then he took the painting under his arm and left the house.  It was now nearly two o’clock in the morning and the streets were deserted. A light rain had begun to fall, and Braun took off his coat to wrap it around his burden. He walked like one in a dream, seeing nothing, hearing nothing save a dull monotonous roar which seemed to come from all directions and to centre in his brain.  The doors of the gallery were closed and all was dark. Braun looked in vain for a bell, and after several ineffectual taps on the door began to pound lustily with his fist and heel. Several night stragglers stopped in the rain, and presently a small group had gathered. Questions were put to Braun, but he did not hear them. He kicked and pounded on the door, and the noise resounded through the streets as if it would rouse the dead. Presently the group heard the rattling of bolts and the creaking of a rusty key in a rusty lock, and all became quiet. The door swung open, and a frightened watchman appeared.  “What’s the matter? Is there a fire?” he asked.  A policeman made his way through the group, and looked inquiringly from Braun to the watchman. Without uttering a word Braun held out the painting, and at the sight of it the watchman uttered a cry of amazement and delight.  “It’s the stolen Corot!” he exclaimed. Then turning to Braun, “Where did you get it? Who had it? Do you claim the reward?”  Braun’s lips moved, but no sound came from them, and he turned on his heel and began to walk off, when the policeman laid a hand on his shoulder.  “Not so fast, young man. You’ll have to give some kind of an account of how you got this,” he said.  Braun looked at him stupidly, and the policeman became suspicious. “I guess you’d better come to the stationhouse,” he said, and without more ado walked off with his prisoner. Braun made no resistance, felt no surprise, offered no explanation. At the stationhouse they asked him many questions, but Braun only looked vacantly at the questioner, and had nothing to say. They locked him in a cell over night, a gloomy cell that opened on a dimly lighted corridor, and there Braun sat until the day dawned, never moving, never speaking. Once, during the night, the watchman on duty in this corridor thought he heard a voice whispering “Lizschen! Lizschen!” but it must have been the rain that now was pouring in torrents.    V   “There the wicked cease from troubling; and there the weary be at  rest.   “There the prisoners rest together; they hear not the voice of the  oppressor.   “The small and the great are there; and the servant is free from  his master.”  It is written in Israel that the rabbi must give his services at the deathbed of even the lowliest. The coffin rested on two stools in the same room in which she died; beside it stood the rabbi, clad in sombre garments, reading in a listless, mechanical fashion from the Hebrew text of the Book of Job, interpolating here and there some timeworn, commonplace phrase of praise, of exhortation, of consolation. He had not known her; this was merely part of his daily work.  The sweatshop had been closed for an hour; for one hour the machines stood silent and deserted; the toilers were gathered around the coffin, listening to the rabbi. They were pale and gaunt, but not from grief. The machines had done that. They had rent their garments at the neck, to the extent of a hand’s breadth, but not from grief. It was the law. A figure that they had become accustomed to see bending over one of the machines had finished her last garment. Dryeyed, in a sort of mild wonder, they had come to the funeral services. And some were still breathing heavily from the morning’s work. After all, it was pleasant to sit quiet for one hour.  Someone whispered the name of Braun, and they looked around. Braun was not there.  “He will not come,” whispered one of the men. “It is in the newspaper. He was sent to prison for three years. He stole something. A picture, I think. I am not sure.”  Those who heard slowly shook their heads. There was no feeling of surprise, no shock. And what was there to say? He had been one of them. He had drunk out of the same cup with them. They knew the taste. What mattered the one particular dreg that he found? They had no curiosity. In the case of Nitza, it was her baby who was dying because she could not buy it the proper food. Nitza had told them. And so when Nitza cut her throat they all knew what she had found in the cup. Braun hadn’t told—but what mattered it? Probably something more bitter than gall. And three years in prison? Yes. To be sure. He had stolen something.   “_Wherefore is light given to him that is in misery_,” droned the  rabbi, “_and life unto the bitter in soul_:   “_Which long for death, but it cometh not; and dig for it more  than for hid treasures_;   “_Which rejoice exceedingly, and are glad, when they can find the  grave?_”  And the rabbi, faithful in the performance of his duty, went on to expound and explain. But his hearers could not tarry much longer. The hour was nearing its end, and the machines would soon have to start again.   It is an old story in the Ghetto, one that lovers tell to their sweethearts, who always cry when they hear it. The machines still roar and whirr, as if a legion of wild spirits were shrieking within them, and many a tear is stitched into the garments, but you never see them, madame—no, gaze as intently upon your jacket as you will, the tear has left no stain. There is an old man at the corner machine, greyhaired and worn, but he works briskly. He is the first to arrive each morning, and the last to leave each night, and all his soul is in his work. His machine is an old one, and roars louder than the rest, but he does not hear it. Day and night, sleeping and waking, there are a hundred thousand machines roaring away in his brain. What cares he for one more or one less?      THE SADER GUEST   Rosnofsky was explaining to me his theory of the lost blue with which the ancient Hebrew priests dyed the talith, when the door opened and lanky Lazarus entered, hat in hand. He entered cautiously, keeping one hand on the doorknob, and one foot firmly planted for a backward spring. He seemed rather embarrassed to find a third person present, but the matter that he had on his mind was weighty—so weighty, in fact, that, after a moment’s hesitation, he plunged right into the heart of it.  “Mr. Rosnofsky,” he said, “I love your daughter.”  Rosnofsky’s eyes opened wide, and his mouth shut tight.  “And she loves me,” Lazarus went on.  Rosnofsky’s eyes contracted, until they gleamed through the tiniest kind of a slit between the lids. His hand fumbled behind his back among a number of tailor’s tools that lay on the table.  “And I have come to ask your consent to our marriage.”  Crash! Rosnofsky’s aim was bad. The shears, instead of reaching Lazarus, shattered the window pane. Lazarus was flying rapidly down the street. Then Rosnofsky turned to me.  “And this mixture, as I was saying, will produce exactly the same blue that the Talmud describes.”  It was worth while to become acquainted with Rosnofsky. When aroused, or crossed, or seriously annoyed, he had a frightful temper, and the man whose misfortune it had been to stir him up was the object of a malediction as bitter as it was fierce, extending through all his family for, usually, a dozen generations. Then, in startling contrast to this, he was a devout son of Abraham, and, in moments of serious reflection, would be almost overcome by a feeling of piety, and at such times all that was good and noble in his nature asserted itself. It was a strange blending of the prosaic with the patriarchal.  “How came the original colour to be lost?” I asked. Rosnofsky looked at me for a moment. Then he shook his head.  “That scamp has upset me completely,” he said. “Some other time I will tell you. Just now I can think of nothing but the effrontery of that scoundrel.”  “What makes you so bitter toward him?” I ventured to ask.  “Bitter! Bitter! He wants to marry Miriam. The audacity of the wretch! My only child. And here he practically tells me to my face that he has been making love to her, and that he has ascertained that she is in love with him. And I never knew it. Never even suspected it. A curse on the scamp! Sneaking into my home to steal my daughter from me. The dishonourable villain! I trusted him. The viper. May he suffer a million torments! May the fiends possess him!”  I ventured to suggest that it was the way of the world. I departed. Somewhat hastily. I did not like the way he glared at me.  The next time I saw Rosnofsky he was walking excitedly up and down his shop, tearing his hair _en route_. When he saw me he sprang forward and clutched me by the shoulder.  “Here!” he cried. “I will leave it to you. You were here when he had the audacity to confess his guilt to my face. Read this.” He thrust a crumpled piece of paper into my hand. “Read it, and tell me if there is another such villain upon this earth. Oh, I shall go mad!”  I read it. It was from Lazarus.  “I told you that I loved your daughter,” he wrote. “I told you that she loved me. And, like an honest man, I asked you to consent to our marriage. You refused. I now appeal to you again. You will make us both very happy by giving your consent, as we would like you to be present at the wedding. If you do not give your consent, we will not invite you. But we will get married, anyway. We will elope at the first opportunity. The only way to stop it is to keep Miriam locked in the house. Then I shall call in the police.”  It was signed, “Lovingly, your soninlawtobe.”  “How can I punish him?” asked Rosnofsky. I promised to think it over. I had called merely to tell Rosnofsky that I would accept his invitation to supper on Sader night, and to thank him.  “You know the law,” he said. “When you come bring with you a plan to punish this scoundrel.”   It was the eve of the Passover, and I stood in the gloomy hallway tapping at Rosnofsky’s door. Dimly through the darkness I saw a quivering shadow, but in the labyrinths of tenement corridors it is unwise to investigate shadows. The door opened, and Rosnofsky, with “praying cap” upon his head, welcomed me to the feast of the Sader.  Miriam was as sweet as a rose. I have not told you how pretty she was, nor shall I begin now, for it is a very tempting subject, such as would be likely to beguile a man into forgetting the thread of his story, and it was too dangerous for me to enter upon. Suffice it that her eyes were as glorious as—but there!  The table was arranged for four, Rosnofsky, Miriam, and myself, and opposite Miriam’s seat was the chair for the Stranger.  Now the custom of celebrating this feast, according to the ritual, is like this:  Holding aloft the unleavened bread, the head of the house must say:  “This is the bread of affliction which our ancestors ate in the land of Egypt. Let all those who are hungry enter and eat thereof; and all who are in distress come and celebrate the Passover.”  And the youngestborn must arise and open the door so that the Stranger may enter and take his place at the table, and, even though he slew one of their kin, that night he is a sacred guest.  And—as you have no doubt already opined—hardly had Miriam opened the door when, with pale face, but with lips that were pressed in grim determination, in walked Lazarus. Now, to this day I do not know whether Miriam expected him, or what her feelings were when he entered. She has refused to tell me. It needed but one glance to assure me that if there was any secret Rosnofsky had not been in it.  With a cry of rage he sprang to his feet, and I feared that he would hurl a knife at the intruder. But an instant later he recovered himself, and with a gurgling, choking sound sank into his chair.  “The grace of God be with you all,” saluted Lazarus, still very pale. Then,  “Am I a welcome guest?”  Rosnofsky seemed to be on the point of exploding with rage, but at this question he started as if he had been struck. After a moment’s silence he arose with great dignity—and holding out his hand—the strength of his piety never more forcibly illustrated—said:  “Forgive my anger, my son. You are welcome to the Feast of the Passover.”  And resuming his seat he chanted:  “Blessed art Thou, O Eternal, our God, King of the Universe, Creator of the fruit of wine!”  It was the beginning of the service. Lazarus, with his eyes upon the table, chanted the responses, and I, who knew nothing of the ritual, looked at Miriam, who, I assure you, was delightful to behold, particularly when her eyes twinkled as they did now.  By the time he had finished the Sader, Rosnofsky’s troubled spirit had become soothed, and the final grace was delivered in a voice so calm and with a manner so soothing, that when he looked up Lazarus was emboldened to speak.  “You are angry with me, Father Rosnofsky,” he ventured.  “Let us not speak of unpleasant things this night,” replied the tailor, gently. “This is a holy night.”  Lazarus, in no way abashed, deftly led the old man to expound some of the intricate sayings of the rabbis upon the Passover, which Rosnofsky, who was something of a theologian, did with great eagerness. Now, how it came about I cannot tell, but Lazarus was so greatly interested in this discussion, and Rosnofsky was so determined to prove that the old rabbis were all in the wrong on this one point, that when the meal was over he declared that if Lazarus would call the next night he would have a book that would convince him. Lazarus had the discretion to take his departure. When he had gone Rosnofsky puffed his pipe in silence for some moments. Then, with a quaint smile, he turned to me and said:  “The young rogue!”  And then he gazed at Miriam until she grew red.      A RIFT IN THE CLOUD   Though the sky be grey and dreary, yet will the faintest rift reveal  a vision of the dazzling brightness that lies beyond.   So does a word, a look, a single act of a human being often reveal  the glorious beauty of a soul.   So is it written in the Talmud, and it needs no rabbi to expound it. What I am about to tell you is not a rounded tale; it hardly rises to the dignity of a sketch. There is a man who lives in the very heart of a big city, and I once had a peep into his heart. His name is Polatschek. He makes cigars during the day and gets drunk every night.  In that Hungarian colony which clusters around East Houston Street, the lines that separate Gentile, Jew, and Gipsy are not more strictly drawn than are the lines between the lines. And as the pedigree of every member is the common property of the colony, the social status of each group is pretty clearly defined.  Being an outcast, Polatschek has no social status whatever, and all that the colony has ever known or has ever cared to know about him is this:  By a curious atavistic freak Polatschek was born honest. In the little town in southern Hungary from which he came his greatgrandfather had been a highwayman, his grandfather had been executed for murder, his father was serving a long sentence for burglary, and his two younger brothers were on the black list of the police. And so, when it was announced that one of the Polatscheks was coming to New York, Houston Street society drew in its latchstring, and one of the storekeepers even went so far as to tell the story to a police detective. This, however, was frowned upon, for Goulash Avenue—as the Hungarians laughingly call Houston Street—loves to keep its secrets to itself.  There is no need to describe the appearance of Polatschek; it is extremely uninteresting. He has a weak chin, and when he is sober he is very timid. A Hungarian does not easily make friends outside his own people, and so it came to pass that Polatschek had no friends at all.  How Polatschek lived none but himself knew. Somewhere in Rivington Street he had a room where, it was once said, he kept books, though no one knew what kind of books they were. For a few hours every day he worked at cigarmaking, earning just enough money to keep body and soul together. He was, in short, as uninteresting a man as you could find, and all who knew him shunned him. Night after night he would sit in Natzi’s café, where the gipsies play on Thursdays, drinking slivovitz—which is the last stage. He would drink, drink, drink, and never a word to a soul. On music nights he would drink more than usual and his eyes would fill with tears. We all used to think they were maudlin tears, but we had grown accustomed to Polatschek and his strange habits, and nobody paid attention to him.   It was music night at Natzi’s, and Polatschek was sitting close to the gipsies with his eyes fixed upon the leader. He had been drinking a little more than usual, and I marvelled that a man in his maudlin condition should take such a deep interest in music.  They were playing the “Rakoczy March,” which only the Hungarians know how to play, and Polatschek was swaying his head in time to the melody.  It seemed so strange, this friendless, hopeless man’s love for music, so thoroughly foreign to his dreary, barren nature as I had pictured it in my mind, that when the gipsies had finished I spoke to him.  “That was beautiful, was it not?”  He looked at me in surprise, his eyes wide open, and after gazing at me for a moment he shook his head.  “No, that was not beautiful. The ‘Rakoczy March’ is the greatest march in the world, but these gipsies do not know how to play it. They cannot play. They have no life, no soul. They play it as if they were machines.”  Startled by his vehemence, I could only murmur, “Oh!”  “Look!” he exclaimed, rising in agitation. He took up the leader’s violin and bow. “Listen! This is the ‘Rakoczy’!”  The gipsy leader had sprung to his feet, but at the first tone of the violin he stood as if petrified. A silence had fallen upon the room. With his eyes fixed upon mine, his lips pressed firmly together, Polatschek played the “Rakoczy March.” The guests were staring at him in blank amazement. The gipsies, with sparkling eyes, were listening to those magic strains, but Polatschek was unmindful of it all, and—I felt proud because he was playing that march for me. I have heard Sarasate play the “Rakoczy March.” I have heard Mme. Urso try it, and I have heard Remenyi, who, being a Hungarian, played it best of them all. But I had never heard it played as Polatschek played it.  As I saw the lines in that face grow sharper, saw the body quiver with patriotic ardour, those ringing, rhythmic tones sang of the tramp, tramp, tramp of armies, of cavalcades of horses, of the clash and clangour of battle. Then it all grew fainter and fainter as if the armies were vanishing in the distance, and the sad strains of the undersong rose to the surface of the melody and I heard that sobbing appeal which lies hidden somewhere in every Hungarian song. It died away, there was a moment’s silence—Polatschek remained standing, looking at me—then a mighty shout went up.  “Ujra! Ujra!” they cried. It was an encore they wanted.  But Polatschek had resumed his seat and his slivovitz, and in a few moments he was very drunk.      OUT OF HIS ORBIT   In order to emphasise the moral of a tale, it is safer to state it at the very beginning. The moral of the story of Rosenstein is this: Woe be to the man who attempts to teach his wife a lesson! Woe be to him if he fail! Woe be to him if he succeed! Whatever happens, woe be to him! In witness whereof this tale is offered.  Mrs. Rosenstein wanted one room papered in red, and Mr. Rosenstein held that the yellow paper that adorned the walls was good enough for another year.  “But,” argued his wife, “we have laid by a little money in the past years, and we can easily afford it. And I love red paper on the walls.” Rosenstein, by the way, owned a dozen tenement houses, had no children, and led a life of strict economy on perhaps onefiftieth of his income. Besides, Rosenstein owned a lucrative little drygoods store that brought in more money. And he had never smoked and had never drunk. But the more his wife insisted upon the red paper the more stubborn he became in his opposition, until, one morning after a heated discussion in which he had failed disastrously to bring forth any reasonable argument to support his side of the case, he suddenly and viciously yielded.  “Very well,” he said, putting on his hat and starting for the door; “get your red paper. Have your own way. But from this moment forth I become a drinker.”  Mrs. Rosenstein turned pale. “Husband! Husband!” she cried entreatingly, turning toward him with clasped hands. But Rosenstein, without another word, strode out of the room and slammed the door behind him. Mrs. Rosenstein sank into a chair, appalled. The pride of her life had been that her husband had never touched liquor, and the one disquieting thought that from time to time came to worry her was that some day he might fall. And she felt that the first fall would mark the beginning of ruin. She had known men whose habits of drink had undermined their business capacity. Her husband, she knew, was close, and had a mania for accumulating money. But once the demon of drink entered into his life she felt that all this would change. He would become a spendthrift. He would squander all that he had saved. They would be homeless—perhaps they would starve. And he was about to take the first step. Her heart was almost broken. To follow him she knew would be worse than useless. He was stubborn—she had learned that—and there was nothing for her to do but to accept the inevitable.  Rosenstein meanwhile walked to the nearest saloon. He had passed the place a thousand times, but had never entered before. The bartender’s eyes opened in mild surprise to see so patriarchal a figure standing in front of the bar glaring at him so determinedly.  “Give me a drink!” demanded Rosenstein.  “What kind of a drink do you want?” asked the bartender.  Rosenstein looked bewildered. He did not know one drink from another. He looked at the row of bottles behind the counter, and then his face lit up.  “That bottle over there—the big black one.”  It was Benedictine. The bartender poured some of it into a tiny liqueur glass, but Rosenstein frowned.  “I want a drink, I said, not a drop. Fill me a big glass.”  The wise bartender does not dispute with his patrons as long as they have the means of paying for what they order. Without a word he filled a small goblet with the thick cordial, and Rosenstein, without a word, gulped it down. The bartender watched him in openmouthed amazement, charged him for four drinks, and then, as Rosenstein walked haughtily out of the place, murmured to himself: “Well, I’ll be hanged!”  Rosenstein walked aimlessly but joyfully down the street, bowing to right and to left at the many people who smiled upon him in so friendly a fashion. When he came to the corner he was surprised to see that the whole character of the street had changed over night. Then it seemed to him that a regiment of soldiers came marching up, each man holding out a flowing bowl to him, that he fell into line and joined the march, and that they all found themselves in a brilliant, dazzling glare of several hundred suns. Then they shot him from the mouth of a cannon, and when he regained consciousness he recognised the features of Mrs. Rosenstein and felt the grateful coolness of the wet towels she was tenderly laying upon his fevered head. It was nearly midnight.  Rosenstein groaned in anguish.  “What has happened?” he asked.  “You have been a drinker,” his wife replied, “but it is all over now. Take a nice long sleep and we will never speak of it again. And the yellow paper will do for another year.”  Rosenstein watched the flaming pinwheels and skyrockets that were shooting before his vision for a while; then a horrible idea came to him.  “See how much money I have in my pockets,” he said. His wife counted it.  “One dollar and forty cents,” she said. A sigh of relief rose from Rosenstein’s lips.  “It’s all right, then. I only had two dollars when I went out.” Then he fell peacefully asleep. The next morning he faced his wife and pointed out to her the awful lesson he had taught her.  “You now see what your stubbornness can drive me to,” he said. “I have squandered sixty cents and lost a whole day’s work in the store merely to convince you that it is all nonsense to put red paper on the walls.” But his wife was clinging to him and crying and vowing that she would never again insist upon anything that would add to their expenses. And then they kissed and made up, and Rosenstein went to his store, somewhat weak in the legs and somewhat dizzy, and with a queer feeling in his head, but elated that he had won a complete mastery over his stubborn spouse so cheaply.  The store was closed.  Rosenstein gazed blankly at the barred door and windows. It was the bookkeeper’s duty to arrive at eight o’clock and open the store. It was now nine o’clock. Where was the bookkeeper? And where were the three saleswomen? And the officeboy? As quickly as he could, Rosenstein walked to the bookkeeper’s house. He found that young man dressing himself and whistling cheerfully. The bookkeeper looked amazed when he beheld his employer.  “What is the meaning of this?” demanded Rosenstein. “Why are you not at the store? Where are the keys?”  The young man’s face fell. He looked at Rosenstein curiously. Then, “Were you only joking?” he asked.  “Joking?” repeated Rosenstein, more amazed than ever. “Me? How? When? Are you crazy?”  “You told us all yesterday to close the store and go and have a good time, and that we needn’t come back for a week.”  Rosenstein steadied himself against the door. He tried to speak, but something was choking him. Finally, pointing to his breast, he managed to gasp faintly:  “Me?”  The clerk nodded.  “And what else did I do?” asked Rosenstein, timidly.  “You gave us each five dollars and—and asked us to sing something and—what is it, Mr. Rosenstein. Are you ill?”  “Go—go!” gasped Rosenstein. “Get everybody and open the store again. Quickly. And tell them all not to speak of what happened yesterday. They—they—can—they can (gulp) keep the money. But the store must be opened and nobody must tell.”  He staggered out into the street. A policeman saw him clutching a lamppost to steady himself.  “Are you sick, Mr. Rosenstein?” he asked. “You look pale. Can’t I get you a drink?”  Rosenstein recoiled in horror. “I am not a drinker!” he cried. Then he walked off, his head in a whirl, his heart sick with a sudden dread. He took a long walk, and when he felt that he had regained control of himself he returned to the store. It was open, and everything was going on as usual. And there was a man—a stranger—waiting for him. When he beheld Rosenstein the stranger’s face lit up.  “Goodmorning!” he cried, cheerfully. “Sorry to trouble you so early, but this is rent day, and I need the money.”  Rosenstein turned pale. The saleswomen had turned their heads away with a discretion that was painfully apparent. Rosenstein’s eyes blinked rapidly several times. Then he said, huskily, “What money?”  The stranger looked at him in surprise.  “Don’t you remember this?” he asked, holding out a card. Rosenstein looked at him.  “Yes, this is my card. But what of it?”  “Look on the other side.” Rosenstein looked. Staring him in the face was: “I owe Mister Casey thirtysix dollars. I. Rosenstein.” The writing was undeniably his. And suddenly there came to him a dim, distant, dreamlike recollection of standing upon a mountaintop with a band of music playing around him and a Mr. Casey handing him some money.  “I thought that was an old dream,” he muttered to himself. Then, turning to the stranger, he asked, “Who are you?”  “Me?” said the stranger, in surprise; “why, I’m Casey—T. Casey, of Casey’s café. You told me to come as soon as I needed the——”  “Hush!” cried Rosenstein. “Never mind any more.” He opened a safe, took out the money, and paid Mr. Casey. When the latter had gone Rosenstein called the bookkeeper aside, and, in a fearful tone, whispered in his ear:  “Ach! I am so glad when I think that I didn’t, open the safe yesterday.” The bookkeeper looked at him in surprise.  “You tried, sir,” he said. “Don’t you remember when you said, ‘The numbers won’t stand still,’ and asked me if I couldn’t open it? And I told you I didn’t know the combination?”  Rosenstein gazed upon him in horror. The room became close. He went out and stood in the doorway, gasping for breath. In the street, directly in front of the store, stood a white horse. A seedylooking individual stood on the curb holding the halter and gazing expectantly at Rosenstein.  “Goodmorning, boss!” he cried, cheerfully.  Rosenstein glared at him. “Go away!” he cried. “I don’t allow horses to stand in front of my store. Take him somewhere else.”  “I’ll take him anywhere ye say, boss,” said the man, touching his cap. “But ye haven’t paid for him yet.”  Rosenstein’s heart sank. Then suddenly a wave of bitter resentment surged through him. He strode determinedly toward the man.  “Did I buy that horse?” he asked, fiercely.  “Sure ye did,” answered the man; “for yer milk store.”  “But I haven’t got a milk store,” answered Rosenstein. The man’s eyes blinked.  “Don’t I know it?” he cried. “Didn’t ye tell me so yerself? But didn’t ye say ye wuz going to start one? Didn’t ye say that this horse was as white as milk, and that if I’d sell him to ye y’d open a milk store? Didn’t ye make me take him out of me wagon and run him up and down the street fer ye? Didn’t ye make me take all the kids on the block fer a ride? Am I a liar? Huh?”  Rosenstein walked unsteadily into the store and threw his arm around the bookkeeper’s neck.  “Get rid of him. For God’s sake get him away from here! Give him some money—as little as you can. Only get him away. Some day I will increase your salary. I am sick today. I cannot do any business. I am going home.” He started for the rear door, but stopped at the threshold.  “Don’t take the horse, whatever you do,” he said. Then he went home.  Mrs. Rosenstein was sitting on the doorsteps knitting and beaming with joy. When she saw her husband she ran toward him. The tears stood in her eyes.  “Dearest husband! Dear, generous husband! To punish me for my stubbornness and then to fill me with happiness by gratifying the dearest wish of my heart! It is too much! I do not deserve it! One room is all I wanted!”  Rosenstein’s heart nearly stopped beating. Upon his ears fell a strange noise of scraping and tearing that came from the doorway of his house.  “Whwhwhat is it?” he asked, feebly. His wife smiled.  “The paperhangers are already at work,” she said, joyfully. “They said you insisted that all the work should be finished in one day, and they’ve sent twenty men here.”  Mr. Rosenstein sank wearily down upon the steps. The power of speech had left him. Likewise the power of thought. His brain felt like a maelstrom of chaotic, incoherent images. He felt that he was losing his mind. A brisklooking young man, with a roll of red wallpaper in his hand, came down the steps and doffed his hat to Rosenstein.  “Goodmorning!” he cried, cheerfully. (The salutation “Goodmorning” was beginning to go through Rosenstein like a knife each time he heard it.) “I did it. I didn’t think I could do it, but I did. I tell you, sir, there isn’t another paperhanger in the city who could fill a job like that at such short notice. Every single room in the house! And red paper, too, which has to be handled so carefully, and makes the work take so much longer. But the job will be finished tonight, sir.”  He walked off with the light tread and proud mien of a man who has accomplished something. Rosenstein looked after him bewildered. Then he turned to his wife, but when he saw the smile and the happy look that lit up her face he turned away and sighed. How could he tell her?  “My love,” said Mrs. Rosenstein, after a long pause, “promise me one thing and I will be happy as long as I live.”  Rosenstein was silent. In a vague way he was wondering if this promise was based upon some deed of yesterday that had not yet been revealed to him.  “Promise me,” his wife went on, “that, no matter what happens, you will never become a drinker again.”  Rosenstein sat bolt upright. He tried to speak. A hundred different words and phrases crowded to his lips, struggling for utterance. He became purple with suppressed excitement. In a wild endeavour to utter that promise so forcibly, so emphatically, and so fiercely as not only to assure his wife, but to relieve his suffering feelings, Rosenstein could only sputter incoherently. Then, suddenly realising the futility of the endeavour, and feeling that his whole vocabulary was inadequate to express the vehemence of his emotion, he gurgled helplessly:  “Yes. I promise.”  And he kept the promise.      THE POISONED CHAI   Bernstein sat in the furthest corner of the café, brooding. The fiercest torments that plague the human heart were rioting within him, as if they would tear him asunder. Bernstein was of an impulsive, overbearing nature, mature as far as years went, yet with the untrained, inexperienced emotions of a savage. To such natures the “no” from a woman’s lips comes like a blow; the sudden knowledge that those same lips can smile brightly upon another follows like molten lead.  That whole afternoon Bernstein had suffered the wildest tortures of jealousy. Had Natzi been a younger man Bernstein’s resentment might not have turned so hotly upon him. Yet Natzi was almost of his own age, a weakfaced creature, with an eternal smile, incapable of intense feeling, ignorant of even the faintest shade of that passion which he (Bernstein) had laid so humbly, so tenderly at her feet—and it was Natzi she loved! Bernstein’s hand darted to his inner pocket and came forth clutching a tiny object upon which he gazed with the look of a fiend.  “I may not have her,” he murmured, “but she will never belong to him.”  He held the tiny thing in his lap, below the level of the table, so that none other might see it, and looked at it intently. It was a small phial; it contained some colourless liquid.  The thought entered his brain to drain the contents of that phial himself and put an end to the fierce pain that was eating away his heart. Would it not be for the best? There was no one to care. The world held no one but her; perhaps his death would bring the tears to those big brown eyes; she might even come and kiss his cold forehead. But after that Natzi would be master of those kisses, upon Natzi’s lips hers would be pressed all the livelong day.  The blood surged to his brain; he clutched the table as though he would squeeze the wood to pulp; before his eyes rose a mist—a red mist—the red of blood. Slowly this mist cleared away, and the face and form of Natzi loomed up before him—Natzi, with patient, boyish eyes, smiling.  “It is the third time that I’ve said ‘Goodevening.’ Have you been sleeping with your eyes open?”  “No. No. Just thinking,” said Bernstein, talking rapidly. “Sit down. Here, opposite me. The light hurts my eyes. Come, let us have some chai. Here, waiter! Two chais. Have them hot, with plenty of rum.”  “You seem nervous, Bernstein. Aren’t you well?” asked Natzi, solicitously.  “Oh, smoking too much. But let us talk about yourself. How is the woodcarving business? Any better?”  Natzi shook his head, ruefully. “Worse,” he answered. “They’re doing everything by machinery these days, and the machines seem to be improving all the time. The work is all mechanical now. The only real pleasure I get out of my tools is at night when I am home. Then I can carve the things I like—things that don’t sell.”  The waiter brought two cups of chai, with the blue flames leaping brightly from the burning rum on the surface. Bernstein’s eyes were intent upon the flames.  “I have not yet congratulated you,” he said.  He did not see the look that came into Natzi’s eyes—a look of tenderness, of earnestness, a look that Bernstein had never seen there, although he had known Natzi many years.  “Yes,” said Natzi, thoughtfully. “I am to be congratulated. It is more than I deserve. I am not worthy.”  Bernstein’s gaze was fastened upon the flames. They were dancing brightly upon the amber liquid.  “She is so beautiful, so sweet, so pure,” Natzi went on. “To think that all that happiness is for me!”  The flames changed from blue to red. Bernstein’s brain whirled. He felt a wild impulse to throw himself upon his companion and seize him by the throat and strangle him, and cry aloud so that all could hear it: “You shall never have that happiness. She belongs to me. She is part of my life, part of myself. You cannot understand her. I alone of all men understand her. Every thought of my brain, every impulse of my being, every fibre of my body beats responsive to her. She was made for me. No other shall have her!”  Then the thought of the phial in his hand recurred to his mind and he became calm. The flames died out, and Natzi slowly drained his cup. Bernstein watched him with bloodshot eyes. Looking up he met Natzi’s gaze bent upon him anxiously.  “You are not well, Bernstein. Let us go home.”  “No, no,” Bernstein said, quickly. “It is just nervousness. I have smoked too much.” He made a feeble attempt at a smile. “Come,” said he, draining his cup. “Let us have another. The last. The very last. And after that we will drink no more chai.”  Two more cups were set before them.  “Look,” said Bernstein, “is that lightning in the sky?”  Natzi turned his head toward the open doorway. Swiftly, yet stealthily, Bernstein’s hand stretched forth until it touched the blue flames that danced on Natzi’s cup, hovered there a moment, and then was withdrawn just as Natzi turned around. His fingers had been scorched.  “No, I see no lightning. The stars are shining.”  “Let us drink,” said Bernstein. “The last drink.”  “I am not a fireeater,” said Natzi, smiling. “Let us wait at least until the rum burns out.”  Bernstein lowered the flaming cup that, in his eagerness, he had raised toward his lips and looked at Natzi. Malice gleamed in his eyes.  “Yes. Let it cool. Then we will drink a toast.”  “With all my heart,” said Natzi. “It shall be a toast to her. A toast to the sweetest woman in the world.”  There was a long pause. Once or twice Natzi glanced hesitatingly at his companion, who sat with bowed head, his eyes intent upon the flames that leaped so brightly from his cup. Then Natzi spoke, slowly at first, but gradually more rapidly, and more animatedly as the intensity of his emotion mastered him.  “Do you know, dear friend,” he began, “there was a time when I thought she loved you? We were together so much, the three of us, and she had so many opportunities to know you—to know you as I knew you—to know your great, strong mind, your tender heart, your steadfastness, your generous nature, that could harbour no unworthy thought. You pose as a cynic, as a man who looks down upon the petty things that make up life for most of us, but I—I, who have lived with you, struggled with you, known so many of the trials and heartbreakings of everyday life with you—I know you better. True, you have no love for women, and I often wondered how you could be so blind to her sweetness, and to the charm that seemed to fill the room whenever we three were together. But I never took my eyes from her face, and when I saw with what breathless interest she listened whenever you spoke, whenever you told us of your plans for uplifting the downtrodden, of your innermost thoughts and hopes and feelings, I read in her eyes a fondness for you that filled me with despair.”  Bernstein was breathing heavily. His lips quivered; his face twitched; the blood had mounted to his cheeks. His eyes were downcast, fastened upon the blue flames of the chai, dancing and leaping in fantastic shapes.  “That time you were sick—do you remember? When the doctor said there was no hope on earth, when everyone felt that the end had come, when you lay for days white and still, hardly breathing, with the pallor of death upon your face—do you remember? And I nursed you—sat at your bedside through four days and four nights without a minute’s rest. And then, when the doctor said the crisis had passed and you would get well, I fainted away from sheer weakness—do you remember?”  Perspiration in huge drops was trickling slowly down Bernstein’s forehead. His lips were dry. His teeth were tightly clenched.  “And you thought I had done it all for friendship’s sake, and I listened to your outpouring of gratitude, taking it all for myself, without a word—without a word! Ah, my dear friend, it was hateful to deceive you; but how could I tell the truth? But now I have no shame in telling it. I did it for her. All for her. To save you for her. That was the only thought in my poor, whirling brain during those long, weary days and nights. I felt that if you died she would die. I knew the intensity of her nature, and I knew that if aught happened to the man she loved she would die of grief. And now to think you never cared for her, and that it was I whom she always loved!”  Natzi looked at the bowed head before him with tender smile. Bernstein was trembling.  “I am glad, though, that all happened as it did. Had I nursed you only for your own sake, much as I loved you, I might have weakened, my strength might not have held out. For a man can do that for his love which he cannot do for himself. And, perhaps, after all, it was an excellent lesson for me to learn to bear bitter disappointment.”  The flames in Bernstein’s cup were burning low. With every breath of air they flickered and trembled. They would soon die out.  “Look,” said Natzi, reaching into his pocket. “Look at this little piece that I carved during the hours that I sat at your bedside—to keep me awake. I have carried it over my heart ever since.”  Bernstein looked up. His eyes were frightfully bloodshot. His face was ashen. In Natzi’s hand he beheld a tiny carving in wood, fashioned with exquisite skill and grace, of a woman’s head. The flame in Natzi’s cup caught a light gust of air that stirred for a moment, leaped brightly, as if on purpose to illumine the features of the carved image, then flickered and went out. Bernstein had recognised the likeness. Those features were burning in his brain.  “Every night since then I have set this image before me, and I have prayed to God to always keep her as sweet, as pure, and as beautiful as He keeps the flowers in His woods. And every morning I have prayed to Him to fill her life with sunshine and gladness, and to let no sorrow fall upon her. And every day I carried it pressed against my heart and I felt sustained and strengthened. Ah, Bernstein, God is good! He gave her to me! He brought about the revelation that her heart was mine, her sweetness, her beauty—all were mine. Come, comrade, we have gone through many a struggle together. Let us drink a toast—you shall name it!”  Natzi held his cup aloft. With a hoarse cry Bernstein half rose from his seat, swiftly reached forward, and tore the cup from Natzi’s grasp.  “To her!” he cried. “To her! May God preserve her and forgive me!”  He drained the cup, stared wildly at the astonished countenance of Natzi, and, after a moment, during which he swayed slightly from side to side, fell forward upon the table, motionless.      URIM AND THUMMIM   The hall was packed to the point of suffocation, with thousands of gaunt, holloweyed strikers, who hung upon the speaker’s impassioned words with breathless interest. He was an eloquent speaker, with a pale, delicate face, and dark eyes that shone like burning coals.  He had been speaking for an hour, exhorting the strikers to stand firm, and to bear in patience their burden of suffering. When he dwelt on the prospect of victory, and portrayed the ultimate moment of triumph that would be theirs, if only they stood steadfast, a wave of enthusiasm surged through the audience, and they burst into wild cheers.  “Remember, fellowworkmen,” he went on, “that we have fought before. Remember that we have suffered before. And remember that we have won before.  “How many are there of you who can look back to the famous strike of ten years ago? Do you not remember how, for two months, we fought with unbroken ranks, and after privation and distress far beyond what we are passing through today, triumphed over our enemies and won a glorious victory? It was but a pittance that we were striking for, but the life of our union was at stake. With one exception, not a man faltered. The story of our sufferings only God remembers! But we bore them without a murmur, without complaint. There was one dastard—one traitor, recreant to his oath—but we triumphed in spite of him. Oh, my fellowworkers, let us——”  But now a mist gathered before my eyes; the sound of his voice died away, and all that assemblage faded from my sight.  The speaker’s words had awakened in my mind the memory of Urim and Thummim; all else was instantly forgotten.   Urim was a doll that had lost both legs and an arm, but its cheeks, when I first saw it, were still pink, and, in spite of its misfortunes, it wore a smile that never faded. Thummim was also a doll, somewhat more rugged than Urim, but gloomy and frowning, in spite of its state of preservation. Koppel and Rebecca agreed that Urim was by far the more interesting of the two, but the two had come into the household together, and to discard Thummim was altogether out of the question.  Koppel was a cloakmaker, and it was during the big strike that I first met him. Of all the members of that big tradesunion he alone had continued to work when the strike was declared, and they all cursed him. Pleading and threats alike were of no avail to induce him to leave the shop; for the paltry pittance that he could earn he abandoned his union and violated his oath of affiliation.  At every meeting he was denounced, his name was hissed, he was an outcast among his kind.  When I tapped upon his door there was no response. I opened it and beheld a child with raven hair, so busily occupied with undressing a doll that she did not look up until I asked:  “Is Mr. Koppel in?”  She turned with a start and gazed at me in astonishment. Her big, brown eyes were opened wide at the apparition of a stranger, yet she did not seem at all alarmed. After a moment’s hesitation—the door was still open—she approached me and held out the doll.  “Urim!” she said. I took it, and with a happy smile she ran to a corner of the room, where, from under a table, she dragged another doll.  “T’ummim!” she said, holding it out to me.  Then Koppel entered the room. He knew me, although I had never seen him before, and readily guessed the object of my errand.  “You are from the newspaper,” he said. “You want to know why I did not strike.”  When the lamplight fell upon his countenance I saw that he was a miserablelooking creature, servile in his manner, and repulsive to the eye. He did not appear to be very strong, and the climb of the stairs seemed to have exhausted him. He sat down, and the girl climbed upon his knee. She threw her arm around his neck, and, looking up at me with a pretty smile, said:  “Urim—T’ummim—mine!”  Koppel stroked her head, and a look of deep love came into his eyes, and then I began to understand.  “She has no mother,” he said. “I must pay a woman to give her food. I—I can’t strike—can I?”  One of the dolls slipped from my hand and fell to the floor.  “Urim!” cried the little one, slipping hastily from her father’s knee to pick it up. Tenderly she examined the doll’s head; it was unscathed. Then she looked up at me and held out her arms, and her mouth formed into a rosebud. It was a charming picture, altogether out of place—naïve, picturesque, utterly delightful.  “You must go to bed,” said her father, sternly. “The foolish thing wants you to kiss her.”  We became friends—Koppel, Rebecca, Urim, Thummim, and I.  “I was reading the Pentateuch aloud one night,” explained Koppel, “and she caught the words Urim and Thummim. They pleased her, and she has not forgotten them.”  I have not said that Rebecca was pretty. She was more than pretty; there was a light in her baby face that bespoke a glorious womanhood. There was a quiet dignity in her baby manners that can be found only among the children of the Orient. She was a winsome child, and during the day, when her father was at work, the children from far and near would come to make a pet of her.  The strike was at an end, and Koppel was discharged. When I came to the house a few days later Rebecca was eating a piece of dry bread, saving a few crumbs for Urim and Thummim. Koppel, in gloomy silence, was watching her.  “She is not well,” he said. “She has had nothing to eat but bread for three days. I must send her to an institution.”  The next morning the doctor was there, prescribing for her in a perfunctory way, for it was merely a charity case. She smiled feebly when she saw me, and handed me a doll that lay beside her.  “It’s Thummim,” I said. “Won’t you give me Urim?”  She shook her head and smiled. She was holding Urim against her breast.   It happened ten years ago, and it seems but yesterday. The day was warm and sultry—almost as close as this crowded hall. The streets of the Ghetto were filled with the market throng, and the air hummed with the music of life. The whole picture rises clearly, now—as clearly as the platform from which the enthusiastic speaker’s voice resounds through the hall.  A white hearse stands before the house. The driver, unaided, bears a tiny coffin out of the gloomy hallway into the bright sunshine. The group of idlers make way for him, and look on with curiosity, as he deposits his burden within the hearse.  There are no carriages. There are no flowers. Koppel walks slowly out of the house, his eyes fastened upon the sidewalk, his lips moving as if he were muttering to himself. In his hand he carries two broken dolls. Without looking to right or left, he climbs beside the driver, and the hearse rattles down the street.  I mounted the stairs to his home, and found everything as it had been when I was there last—everything save Koppel and Rebecca, and Urim and Thummim, and these I never saw again.      A YIDDISH IDYLL   _Die Liebe ist eine alte Geschichte._   In German they call it “Die Liebe.” The French, as every schoolgirl knows, call it “L’Amour.” It is known to the Spanish and the Italians, and, unless I am greatly mistaken, it was known even in Ur of the Chaldeans, the city that was lost before the dawn of ancient Greece.  The sky has sung of it, the bright stars have sung of it, the birds and the flowers and the green meadows have sung of it. And far from the brightness and the sunshine of the world I can lead you to a dark room where, night and day, the air is filled with the whirring and buzzing and droning and humming of sewing machines, and if you listen intently you can hear the song they sing: “Love! Love! Love!”   _Die Liebe ist eine alte Geschichte._  It is a foolish song, and somehow or other it has become sadly entangled with the story of Erzik and Sarah, which is a foolish story that has neither beginning nor end. Nor has it a plot or a meaning or anything at all, for that matter, save the melody of spring and the perfume of flowers.  You see, Sarah’s eyes were brown and Erzik’s were blue, and they sat side by side in the sweatshop where the sewing machines whirred and buzzed and droned and hummed. And side by side they had sat for almost a year, speaking hardly a dozen words a day, for they are silent people, those Eastern Jews, and each time that Sarah looked up she could see that Erzik’s eyes were blue, and she saw a light in them that brought the blood to her cheeks and filled her with a strange joy and a resolve not to look up again.  And Erzik, wondering at the gladness in his heart, would smile, whereat the sweater would frown, and the machines would whirr and buzz and drone and hum more briskly.  It was the fault of the black thread—or was it the white thread? One of them, at least, had become entangled in the bobbin of Sarah’s sewing machine, and in disentangling it the needle’s point pierced her skin, drawing—a tiny drop of blood. Erzik turned pale, and tearing a strip from his handkerchief—a piece of extravagance which exasperated the sweater beyond all bounds—hastened to bind it around the wound. Then Sarah laughed, and Erzik laughed, too, and of course he must hold the finger close to his eyes to adjust the bandage, and then, before the whole room, he kissed her hand. Then she slapped him upon one cheek, whereupon he quickly offered the other, and they laughed, and all the room laughed, save Esther, whose face was always white and pinched.  Is it not a foolish story? That very night Erzik told Sarah that he loved her, and she cried and told him she loved him, and then he cried, and they both were happy. And on the next day they told the sweater that they were soon going to be married, which did not interest him at all.  It was gossip for half a day, and then it fell into the natural order of things. The machines went on whirring and buzzing and droning and humming, and Erzik and Sarah frequently looked up from their work and gazed smilingly into each other’s eyes. Of this they never tired, and through the spring their love grew stronger and deeper, and the machines in the room never ceased to sing of it; even the sparrows that perched upon the telegraph wires close by the windows chirped it all day long.  Esther grew whiter and whiter, and her face became more and more pinched. And one day she was not in her place. But neither Erzik nor Sarah missed her. Another day and another, she was absent, and on the following day they buried her. The rabbi brought a letter to Erzik.  “She said it was for your wedding.”  Carefully folded in a clean sheet of note paper lay three double eagles; it was Esther’s fortune.   _Die Liebe ist eine alte Geschichte._  Erzik and Sarah have been married a year, and they still sit side by side in the sweatshop. Spring has come again, and the sewing machines whirr and buzz and drone and hum, and through it all you can hear that foolish old song. When they look up from their work and their eyes meet, they smile. They are content with their lot in life, and they love each other.  The story runs in my head like an old song, and when the sky is blue, and the birds sing, the melody is sweet beyond all words. Sometimes, when the sky is grey and the air is heavy with a coming storm, it seems as if there is a note of sadness in the song, as if a heart were crying. But the sunshine makes it right again.      THE STORY OF SARAI   It was the idle hour of the mart, and the venders of Hester Street were busy brushing away the flies. Mother Politsky had arranged her patriarchallooking fish for at least the twentieth time, and was wondering whether it might not be better to take them home than to wait another hour in the hope of a chance customer being attracted to her stand. Suddenly a shadow fell across the fish. She looked up and beheld a figure that looked for all the world as if it had just stepped out of the pages of the Pentateuch. The venerable grey beard, the strong aquiline nose, the grave blue eyes, and, above all, the air of unutterable wisdom, completed a picture of one of Israel’s prophets.  “God be with the Herr Rabbi!” greeted Mother Politsky.  The rabbi poked a patriarchal finger into the fish, and grunted in approbation of their firmness.  “Are they fresh?” he asked, giving no heed to her salutation.  “They were swimming in the sea this very day, Herr Rabbi. They could not be fresher if they were alive. And the price is—oh, you’ll laugh at me when I tell you—only twelve cents a pound.”  The rabbi laughed, displaying fine, wide teeth.  “Come, come, my good mother. Tell me without joking what they cost. This big one, and that little one over there.”  “But, Herr Rabbi, you surely cannot mean that that is too much! Well, well—an old friend—eleven cents, we’ll say. Will you take the big one or the little one?”  The rabbi was still smiling.  “My dear mother, you remind me of Sarai.”  “And who was she?” asked Mother Politsky with interest.  “Sarai was the beautiful daughter of the famous Rabbiner Emanuel ben Achad, who lived many hundreds of years ago. She was famed for her beauty, and likewise for her exceeding shrewdness. Yes, Sarai was very, very clever.”  “And I remind you of her? Well, well. What a beautiful thing it is to be a rabbi and know so much about the past! Come, now, I’ll say ten cents, and you can have your choice. Shall I wrap up the big——”  “This Sarai,” the rabbi went on, “had many lovers, but of them all she liked only two. One of these was the favourite of her father; the other was a poor but handsome youth who was apprenticed to a scribe. For a long time Sarai hesitated between the two. Each was handsome, each was a devoted lover, each was gifted with no ordinary intelligence, and each was brave. Yet she was undecided upon which to bestow her heart and her hand.”  The rabbi had picked up the big fish, and now paused to sniff at it.  “And what did she do?” asked Mother Politsky.  “Ten cents?” said the rabbi, and then, with a sigh, he laid down the fish, as if it were hopelessly beyond his reach.  “Nine, then, and take it, but what did Sarai do?”  The rabbi looked long and intently at the fish, and then, shaking his head sadly, resumed his narrative.  “Sarai pondered over the matter for many, many weeks, and finally decided to put them to a test. Now the name of her father’s favourite was Ezra, while the poor youth was called Joseph. ‘Father,’ she said one day, ‘what is the most difficult task that a man can be put to?’ ‘The most difficult thing that I know of,’ her father promptly replied, ‘is to grasp the real meaning of the Talmud.’  “Thereupon Sarai called Ezra and Joseph before her, and said to them: ‘He that brings to me the real meaning of the Talmud shall have my hand.’ Was that not clever of her?”  “Yes! Yes! But who brought the true answer?” asked Mother Politsky, with breathless interest. The rabbi was looking longingly at the fish.  “How much did you say?”  “Eight cents, eight cents. I don’t want any profit, but who——”  “Neither of the young men,” the rabbi went on, with his eyes still upon the fish, “knew anything about the Talmud, but Joseph, who was well versed in Hebrew, began at once to study it, wherein he had the advantage over Ezra, who knew not a word of Hebrew.”  “Poor Ezra!” murmured Mother Politsky.  “But Ezra was a shrewd young man, and, without wasting any time upon studying, he went straight to Sarai’s father and said to him: ‘Rabbi, you are the greatest scholar of the world today. Can you tell me the real meaning of the Talmud?’”  “Poor Joseph!” murmured Mother Politsky.  “‘My son,’ said Rabbi ben Achad, ‘all the wisdom of the human race since the days of Moses has not been able to answer that question!’”  The rabbi had taken up the big fish and the small one, and was carefully balancing them.  “Eight, you say. I know a place where I can get them——”  “Seven, then. And Joseph?”  “——for six.”  “Seven is the lowest. But Jo——”  The rabbi turned to move away.  “All right. Six cents. But finish the story. What did Joseph do?”  “Joseph studied many years and came to the same conclusion. I’ll take the small one.”  “But which of them married Sarai?”  “The story does not say. You’re sure it is fresh?”      THE AMERICANISATION OF SHADRACH COHEN   There is no set rule for the turning of the worm; most worms, however, turn unexpectedly. It was so with Shadrach Cohen.  He had two sons. One was named Abel and the other Gottlieb. They had left Russia five years before their father, had opened a store on Hester Street with the money he had given them. For reasons that only business men would understand they conducted the store in their father’s name—and, when the business began to prosper and they saw an opportunity of investing further capital in it to good advantage, they wrote to their dear father to come to this country.  “We have a nice home for you here,” they wrote. “We will live happily together.”  Shadrach came. With him he brought Marta, the servingwoman who had nursed his wife until she died, and whom, for his wife’s sake, he had taken into the household. When the ship landed he was met by two dapperlooking young men, each of whom wore a flaring necktie with a diamond in it. It took him some time to realise that these were his two sons. Abel and Gottlieb promptly threw their arms around his neck and welcomed him to the new land. Behind his head they looked at each other in dismay. In the course of five years they had forgotten that their father wore a gaberdine—the loose, baglike garment of the Russian Ghetto—and had a long, straggling grey beard and ringlets that came down over his ears—that, in short, he was a perfect type of the immigrant whose appearance they had so frequently ridiculed. Abel and Gottlieb were proud of the fact that they had become Americanised. And they frowned at Marta.  “Come, father,” they said. “Let us go to a barber, who will trim your beard and make you look more like an American. Then we will take you home with us.”  Shadrach looked from one to the other in surprise.  “My beard?” he said; “what is the matter with my beard?”  “In this city,” they explained to him, “no one wears a beard like yours except the newly landed, Russian Jews.”  Shadrach’s lips shut tightly for a moment. Then he said:  “Then I will keep my beard as it is. I am a newly landed Russian Jew.” His sons clinched their fists behind their backs and smiled at him amiably. After all, he held the pursestrings. It was best to humour him.  “What shall we do with Marta?” they asked. “We have a servant. We will not need two.”  “Marta,” said the old man, “stays with us. Let the other servant go. Come, take me home. I am getting hungry.”  They took him home, where they had prepared a feast for him. When he bade Marta sit beside him at the table Abel and Gottlieb promptly turned and looked out of the window. They felt that they could not conceal their feelings. The feast was a dismal affair. Shadrach was racking his brains to find some explanation that would account for the change that had come over his sons. They had never been demonstrative in their affection for him, and he had not looked for an effusive greeting. But he realised immediately that there was a wall between him and his sons; some change had occurred; he was distressed and puzzled. When the meal was over Shadrach donned his praying cap and began to recite the grace after meals. Abel and Gottlieb looked at each other in consternation. Would they have to go through this at every meal? Better—far better—to risk their father’s displeasure and acquaint him with the truth at once. When it came to the response Shadrach looked inquiringly at his sons. It was Abel who explained the matter:  “We—er—have grown out of—er—that is—er—done away with—er—sort of fallen into the habit, don’t you know, of leaving out the prayer at meals. It’s not quite American!”  Shadrach looked from one to the other. Then, bowing his head, he went on with his prayer.  “My sons,” he said, when the table had been cleared. “It is wrong to omit the prayer after meals. It is part of your religion. I do not know anything about this America or its customs. But religion is the worship of Jehovah, who has chosen us as His children on earth, and that same Jehovah rules supreme over America even as He does over the country that you came from.”  Gottlieb promptly changed the subject by explaining to him how badly they needed more money in their business. Shadrach listened patiently for a while, then said:  “I am tired after my long journey. I do not understand this business that you are talking about. But you may have whatever money you need. After all, I have no one but you two.” He looked at them fondly. Then his glance fell upon the servingwoman, and he added, quickly:  “And Marta.”  “Thank God,” said Gottlieb, when their father had retired, “he does not intend to be stingy.”  “Oh, he is all right,” answered Abel. “After he gets used to things he will become Americanised like us.”  To their chagrin, however, they began to realise, after a few months, that their father was clinging to the habits and customs of his old life with a tenacity that filled them with despair. The more they urged him to abandon his ways the more eager he seemed to become to cling to them. He seemed to take no interest in their business affairs, but he responded, almost cheerfully, to all their requests for money. He began to feel that this, after all, was the only bond between him and his sons. And when they had pocketed the money, they would shake their heads and sigh.  “Ah, father, if you would only not insist upon being so oldfashioned!” Abel would say.  “And let us fix you up a bit,” Gottlieb would chime in.  “And become more progressive—like the other men of your age in this country.”  “And wear your beard shorter and trimmed differently.”  “And learn to speak English.”  Shadrach never lost his temper; never upbraided them. He would look from one to the other and keep his lips tightly pressed together. And when they had gone he would look at Marta and would say:  “Tell me what you think, Marta. Tell me what you think.”  “It is not proper for me to interfere between father and sons,” Marta would say. And Shadrach could never induce her to tell him what she thought. But he could perceive a gleam in her eyes and observed a certain nervous vigour in the way she cleaned the pots and pans for hours after these talks, that fell soothingly upon his perturbed spirit.   As we remarked before, there is no rule for the turning of the worm. Some worms, however, turn with a crash. It was so with Shadrach Cohen.  Gottlieb informed his father that he contemplated getting married.  “She is very beautiful,” he said. “The affair is all in the hands of the Shadchen.”  His father’s face lit up with pleasure.  “Gottlieb,” he said, holding out his hand, “God bless you! It’s the very best thing you could do. Marta, bring me my hat and coat. Come, Gottlieb. Take me to see her. I cannot wait a moment. I want to see my future daughterinlaw at once. How happy your mother would be if she were alive today!”  Gottlieb turned red and hung back.  “I think, father,” he said, “you had better not go just yet. Let us wait a few days until the Shadchen has made all the arrangements. She is an American girl. She—she won’t—er—understand your ways—don’t you know? And it may spoil everything.”  Crash! Marta had dropped an iron pot that she was cleaning. Shadrach was red in the face with suppressed rage.  “So!” he said. “It has come to this. You are ashamed of your father!” Then he turned to the old servant:  “Marta,” he said, “tomorrow we become Americanised—you and I.”  There was an intonation in his voice that alarmed his son.  “You are not angry——” he began, but with a fierce gesture his father cut him short.  “Not another word. To bed! Go to bed at once.”  Gottlieb was dumbfounded. With open mouth he stared at his father. He had not heard that tone since he was a little boy.  “But, father——” he began.  “Not a word. Do you hear me? Not a word will I listen to. In five minutes if you are not in bed you go out of this house. Remember, this is my house.”  Then he turned to Abel. Abel was calmly smoking a cigar.  “Throw that cigar away,” his father commanded, sternly.  Abel gasped and looked at his father in dismay.  “Marta, take that cigar out of his mouth and throw it into the fire. If he objects he goes out of the house.”  With a smile of intense delight Marta plucked the cigar from Abel’s unresisting lips, and incidentally trod heavily upon his toes. Shadrach gazed long and earnestly at his sons.  “Tomorrow, my sons,” he said, slowly, “you will begin to lead a new life.”  In the morning Abel and Gottlieb, full of dread forebodings, left the house as hastily as they could. They wanted to get to the store to talk matters over. They had hardly entered the place, however, when the figure of their father loomed up in the doorway. He had never been in the place before. He looked around him with great satisfaction at the many evidences of prosperity which the place presented. When he beheld the name “Shadrach Cohen, Proprietor” over the door he chuckled. Ere his sons had recovered from the shock of his appearance a palefaced clerk, smoking a cigarette, approached Shadrach, and in a sharp tone asked:  “Well, sir, what do you want?” Shadrach looked at him with considerable curiosity. Was he Americanised, too? The young man frowned impatiently.  “Come, come! I can’t stand here all day. Do you want anything?”  Shadrach smiled and turned to his sons.  “Send him away at once. I don’t want that kind of young man in my place.” Then turning to the young man, upon whom the light of revelation had quickly dawned, he said, sternly:  “Young man, whenever you address a person who is older than you, do it respectfully. Honour your father and your mother. Now go away as fast as you can. I don’t like you.”  “But, father,” interposed Gottlieb, “we must have someone to do his work.”  “Dear me,” said Shadrach, “is that so? Then, for the present, you will do it. And that young man over there—what does he do?”  “He is also a salesman.”  “Let him go. Abel will take his place.”  “But, father, who is to manage the store? Who will see that the work is properly done?”  “I will,” said the father. “Now, let us have no more talking. Get to work.”  Crestfallen, miserable, and crushed in spirit, Abel and Gottlieb began their humble work while their father entered upon the task of familiarising himself with the details of the business. And even before the day’s work was done he came to his sons with a frown of intense disgust.  “Bah!” he exclaimed. “It is just as I expected. You have both been making as complete a mess of this business as you could without ruining it. What you both lack is sense. If becoming Americanised means becoming stupid, I must congratulate you upon the thoroughness of your work. Tomorrow I shall hire a manager to run this store. He will arrange your hours of work. He will also pay you what you are worth. Not a cent more. How late have you been keeping this store open?”  “Until six o’clock,” said Abel.  “H’m! Well, beginning today, you both will stay here until eight o’clock. Then one of you can go. The other will stay until ten. You can take turns. I will have Marta send you some supper.”   To the amazement of Abel and Gottlieb the business of Shadrach Cohen began to grow. Slowly it dawned upon them that in the mercantile realm they were as children compared with their father. His was the true moneymaker spirit; there was something wonderful in the swiftness with which he grasped the most intricate phases of trade; and where experience failed him some instinct seemed to guide him aright. And gradually, as the business of Shadrach Cohen increased, and even the sons saw vistas of prosperity beyond their wildest dreams, they began to look upon their father with increasing respect. What they had refused to the integrity of his character, to the nobility of his heart, they promptly yielded to the shrewdness of his brain. The sons of Shadrach Cohen became proud of their father. He, too, was slowly undergoing a change. A new life was unfolding itself before his eyes, he became broaderminded, more tolerant, and, above all, more flexible in his tenets. Contact with the outer world had quickly impressed him with the vast differences between his present surroundings and his old life in Russia. The charm of American life, of liberty, of democracy, appealed to him strongly. As the field of his business operations widened he came more and more in contact with American business men, from whom he learned many things—principally the faculty of adaptability. And as his sons began to perceive that all these business men whom, in former days, they had looked upon with feelings akin to reverence, seemed to show to their father an amount of deference and respect which they had never evinced toward the sons, their admiration for their father increased.  And yet it was the same Shadrach Cohen.  From that explosive moment when he had rebelled against his sons he demanded from them implicit obedience and profound respect. Upon that point he was stern and unyielding. Moreover, he insisted upon a strict observance of every tenet of their religion. This, at first, was the bitterest pill of all. But they soon became accustomed to it. When life is light and free from care, religion is quick to fly; but when the sky grows dark and life becomes earnest, and we feel its burden growing heavy upon our shoulders, then we welcome the consolation that religion brings, and we cling to it. And Shadrach Cohen had taught his sons that life was earnest. They were earning their bread by the sweat of their brow. No prisoner, with chain and ball, was subjected to closer supervision by his keeper than were Gottlieb and Abel.  “You have been living upon my charity,” their father said to them: “I will teach you how to earn your own living.”  And he taught them. And with the lesson they learned many things; learned the value of discipline, learned the beauty of filial reverence, learned the severe joy of the earnest life.  One day Gottlieb said to his father:  “May I bring Miriam to supper tonight? I am anxious that you should see her.”  Shadrach turned his face away so that Gottlieb might not see the joy that beamed in his eyes.  “Yes, my son,” he answered. “I, too, am anxious to see if she is worthy of you.”  Miriam came, and in a stiff, embarrassed manner Gottlieb presented her to his father. The girl looked in surprise at the venerable figure that stood before her—a picture of a patriarch from the Pentateuch, with a long, straggling beard, and ringlets of hair falling over the ears, and clad in the long gaberdine of the Russian Ghettos. And she saw a pair of grey eyes bent keenly upon her—eyes of shrewdness, but soft and tender as a woman’s—the eyes of a strong man with a kind heart. Impulsively she ran toward him and seized his hands. And, with a smile upon her lips, she said:  “Will you not give me your blessing?”   When the evening meal had ended, Shadrach donned his praying cap, and with bowed head intoned the grace after meals:  “We will bless Him from whose wealth we have eaten!” And in fervent tones rose from Gottlieb’s lips the response:  “Blessed be He!”      HANNUKAH LIGHTS   Somewhere in transit he had lost all his letters, papers, credentials, cards—all belongings, in fact, that might have established his identity. He said he was David Parnes, and that he had come from Pesth. And, as he was tall and straight, with fine black eyes and curling black hair, a somewhat dashing presence, and the most charming manners, he soon made friends, particularly among the women, for, in Houston Street, as elsewhere, the fair sex rarely looks behind a pleasing personality for credentials of character.  Eulie, the waitress and maidofallwork in Weiss’s coffee house, felt the blood surge to her face when first she beheld him, and when, for the first time, he gave her _Trinkgeld_ and a smile, all the blood rushed back to her heart. After that Eulie was his slave. All day long she waited for him to come. When he had gone the place seemed dark, and the music of the gipsy band grated upon her. While he was there—usually sitting alone and sipping coffee and staring into vacancy like a man whose mind is busy with many schemes—her heart beat faster, and life seemed glad. Eulie was plain—painfully plain—but there was a charm about her that had won the admiration of many of the patrons of the place, some of whom had even offered her marriage. But she had only laughed, and had declared that she would never marry.  Sometimes these incidents came to the ear of Esther, the daughter of the proprietor, and made her heart burn; for Esther was fair to look upon, and yet had reached and passed her twentieth year without a single offer of marriage. With all her beauty the girl was absolutely devoid of charm; there was something even in the tone of her voice that repelled men; probably a reflection of her arrogance and selfishness. Then, one day, Eulie beheld her talking to David; saw that her face was animated, and that David’s eyes were fastened intently upon her. In Esther’s eyes she read that story which, between woman and woman, is an open book. When her work was finished that night Eulie hastened to her room, and, throwing herself upon the bed, burst into a flood of weeping.  The affair progressed rapidly. There were times when Eulie, after serving him with coffee, would stand silently behind David, gazing upon him intently, yearning to throw her arms around that curly head and cry, “I love you! I am your slave!” But these became rarer and rarer, for Esther demanded more and more of his presence, and it was seldom that he sat alone in the coffee house. Eulie had never seen him manifest any of those loverlike demonstrations toward Esther that might have been expected under the circumstances, but she attributed this to his pride. Probably, she thought, when they were alone, beyond the reach of prying eyes, he kissed her and caressed her to her heart’s content. The thought of it wore on her spirit. And when, one day, Esther told her that they were to be married at the end of a month Eulie turned pale and trembled, and then hurried to her room.  A few days after this announcement had been publicly made, and congratulations had begun to pour in from the many patrons of the establishment, who had known Esther from childhood, Eulie observed a change in David’s demeanour. He seemed suddenly to have become worried. He would come to the coffee house late at night, after Esther had retired, and sit alone over his coffee, brooding. Eulie’s duties permitted her to leave at nine o’clock, but if David had not come at that hour, she continued to work, even until midnight, the closing time, in the hope that she would see him enter. He rarely spoke to her, rarely noticed her, in fact, but Eulie, in her heart, had established an intimacy between them. An intimacy? Rather a world of love and devotion, in which, alas! she lived alone with a shadow.  She was quick to see the change that had come over him, and she longed to speak to him—to implore him to confide in her. Was it money? She had led a frugal life, and had saved the greater part of her earnings for years. She would not trust her pittance to the banks. It was all in a trunk in her room, and he was welcome to it. Was it service that he needed? She was a slave ready to do his bidding. The tears came into her eyes to see that face upon which light and laughter sat so gracefully now cast down with gloom. But David worried on in silence, and left the place without a word.  Then, for several days, he did not come at all. Esther told her that he had been called out of town on business.  “Did—did he not look worried when last you saw him?” Eulie asked, timidly. Esther’s eyes opened in surprise.  “Why, no. I did not notice that he looked any different.”  Eulie sighed. That night there came to one of her tables a brisk, sharpeyed little man, whose manner and accent betokened a new arrival from Hungary. He bowed politely to Eulie, praised her skill in waiting upon him, and complimented her upon her hair, which she wore flat upon her head after the fashion of the peasant girls of Hungary. He gave her liberal _Trinkgeld_, and bowed courteously when he departed. The next evening he returned and greeted her as a newly made acquaintance. They chatted pleasantly a while—he had much news from the mother country that interested her—and then, quite bytheway—Did she happen to know a young man, tall and straight—quite goodlooking, black eyes and curling hair, a very pleasant chap, extremely popular with the girls? A friend had told him that he would find this young man somewhere in the Hungarian colony—did she know anyone who answered that description? His eyes were turned from her—he was watching the gipsies playing—it was all quite casual.  It is said that love creates a sixth sense. In a flash Eulie’s whole nature shrank from this man, and stood at arms ready for battle. This was no friend in search of a boon companion. This was an enemy—a mortal enemy of David. She felt it, knew it as positively as if she had seen him fly at David’s throat. Fortunately the man had not observed the pallor that overspread her countenance.  “No. I do not remember having seen such a man. He never comes here, or I would have remembered him.”  That night was the beginning of the feast of Hanukkah—the only feast at which the penitential psalms are omitted, lest they might mar the joyfulness of the celebration. Esther was away, and it was Eulie’s duty to light the candles in the living room overhead. The sun was fast sinking, but the light of day still lingered in the sky. Eulie felt that it might be sacrilegious to hasten so holy a function, but a sudden nervous dread had come over her, and there was fear in her heart.  “I will light the candles now,” she said. “Then I will wait outside in the street, and if he comes I will warn him.”  Swiftly, lightly, she sped up the stairs to the living room. The door was open, and the light from the hall lamp shone dimly into the furthest corner, where, with his back turned to the door, stood, or rather knelt, David Parnes before a desk in which the coffee house proprietor kept his money. Eulie recoiled, shocked, horrified. Then, swift as a lightning stroke came full revelation. He was a thief! She had always suspected something like that. And she loved him—adored him more than ever at this moment! Eulie was an honest girl, an honest peasant girl, descended from a long line of peasants, all as honest as the day. But the world was against the man she loved. Honesty? To the winds with honesty! With a rush she was at his side.  “Listen!” she whispered, excitedly. “There is the key. Over there on the wall. The money is in the top drawer. Take it and fly. There is a man below from Hungary looking for you. I told him you did not come here. You can get away before he finds you. I will never tell. I swear I will never tell. Quick! You must fly!”  The young man had turned quickly when she entered, but after that he had not moved. He was still upon one knee. Had a thunderbolt fallen from the ceiling he could not have been more astonished. He looked at Eulie in bewilderment.  “Wait!” she cried. “I will be back in a second. Open the desk and take all the money, and then I will be back.”  It seemed to him but an instant—Eulie had gone and had returned. He was still kneeling—almost petrified with amazement. Eulie held out an old, stained, leather pocketbook.  “It is all mine,” she whispered. “Take it. Run! You must not wait!”  Slowly he rose to his feet. Once or twice he passed his hand over his eyes as if he feared he was dreaming.  “Eulie?”  There was a world of incredulity, of bewilderment, of questioning in his voice.  “Oh, do not stay!” cried the poor girl. “They will be looking for you. Go, before it is too late. Go far away. They will never find you.”  “I do not understand,” he said, slowly. “What does it mean?”  A sudden weakness overcame Eulie, and she burst into tears. He advanced toward her.  “Why are you doing this?” he asked. Eulie could not speak. Her frame was convulsed with sobbing; the tears were streaming down her cheeks; David, openmouthed, stood gazing at her. The pocketbook had fallen from her hand, and a small heap of bank notes had slipped from it. David looked at them; then at her. Slowly he advanced to where she stood. As gently as he could he drew her hands from her face and turned her head toward the light in the hall.  “Eulie?”  The blood coursed to her cheeks. Her gaze fell. She tore herself from his clasp.  “For God’s sake, go!” she cried. He restored the money to the pocketbook and placed it in her hands. Then he started toward the door.  “You will not take it?” she asked, piteously. “It is all mine. I give it to you freely. Borrow it if you like. Some day you can send it back.”  He shook his head, stood irresolute for a moment, then returned to her.  “Eulie,” he whispered. “My mother is dead. But in heaven she is blessing you!”  Then he kissed her upon the forehead and walked determinedly out of the room. Eulie stood swaying to and fro, for a moment, then tottered and fell to the floor. David stood on the stairs a full minute, breathing heavily, like a man who has been running. Then his teeth clicked tightly together, he drew a long breath, walked briskly down the steps, and strode into the brilliantly lighted coffee house.  He knew the man at once. He had never seen him before, but unerring instinct pointed out his pursuer. He walked straight toward him.  “When do we start for Pesth?” he asked.  The man eyed him narrowly, gazed at him thoughtfully for a moment, then his face lit up.  “By the next steamer, if you like,” was all he said.  David nodded.  “Good,” he said. Then, after a moment’s hesitation:  “Will you come upstairs with me for a moment?”  Without a word the man accompanied him. They found Eulie, pale as a ghost, standing at the mantel, lighting the Hannukah candles. When she beheld David with his captor, she screamed, and would have fallen had not David sprung forward and caught her in his arms.  “Listen,” he said, speaking rapidly. “I am going back. My name is not David Parnes. I will write in a few days and tell you everything. They will send me to prison. In two or three years I shall be free. Then I am coming back for you.”  He held her in his arms for one brief moment, kissed her again on the forehead, and was gone. Then the tears came afresh to Eulie’s eyes. But through her veins coursed a tumult of joy.      A SWALLOWTAILER FOR TWO   “Isidore? Bah! Never again do I want dot name to hear!  “Isidore? A loafer he iss! Sure! Ve vas friends vunce, unt don’t I know vot a loafer he iss? Ven a man iss a loafer nobody knows it better as his best friend.  “Don’t you remember by der night uf der two Purim balls? Vot? No? Yes! Dere vas two Purim balls by der same night; der one vas across der street from der odder. Yes. Der one, dot vas der Montefiore Society. I vas der president. Der odder, dot vas der Baron Hirsch Literary Atzociation. Isidore vas der vicepresident.  “Isidore unt I lived together. Oh, ve vas such friends! David unt Jonathan dey vas not better friends as me unt Isidore. Everyt’ing vot Isidore had could belong also to me. Unt if I had somet’ing I always told Isidore dot I had it. I did not know vot a loafer he vas.  “So it comes der day of der Montefiore ball, unt I ask Izzy if he iss going. ‘No, Moritz,’ he says, ‘I am going by der Baron Hirsch ball.’ ‘But anyway,’ I says, ‘let us go by der tailor unt hire for rent our eveningdress swallowtails.’ ‘Sure,’ he says. Unt ve vent by der tailor’s. But dot vas such a busy times dot every tailor ve vent to said he vas so sorry but he had already hired out for rent all der swallowtails vot he had, unt he didn’t haf no more left. Ve vent from every tailor vot ve know to every odder tailor. Der last vun he vas a smart feller. He says: ‘Gents, I got vun suit left, but it iss der only vun.’ Den Izzy unt me looked into our faces. Vot could ve do?  “‘Id iss no use,’ I says, unt Izzy says it vas no use, unt ve vas just going away, ven der smart tailor says: ‘Vy don’t you take der suit unt each take a turn to wear it?’ So Izzy says to me, ‘Moritz, dot’s a idea. You can wear der suit by der Montefiore ball, unt I can wear it by der Baron Hirsch ball. Der dancing vill be all night. You can have it from nine o’clock until it is elefen o’clock. Dot iss two hours. Den you can excuse yourself. Den I put on der suit und wear it by der Baron Hirsch ball from elefen o’clock until id iss vun o’clock in der morning. Den I excuse myself. Den, Moritz, you can haf it again by der Montefiore ball until id iss t’ree o’clock. Dot iss two more hours, unt if I want it after t’ree o’clock I can haf it for two hours more.’  “Say! Dot Izzy iss a great schemer. He has a brain like a Napoleon. He iss a loafer, but he iss a smart vun. So, anyvay, ve took der suit. Der tailor charged us two dollars—oh, he vas a skin!—unt Izzy unt I said ve would each pay half, unt ve each gave der tailor a gold watch to keep for der security uv der suit. Unt den—I remember it like if it vas yesterday—I looked into Isidore’s eye unt I said: ‘Isidore, iss it your honest plan to be fair unt square?’ Because, I vill tell you, der vas somet’ing in my heart dot vas saying, he vill play some crooked business! But Isidore held out his hand unt said, ‘Moritz, you know _me_!’ Unt I trusted him!  “So ve went to der room ve lived in unt I put der suit on. It fitted me fine. I look pretty good in a evening swallowtail unt Isidore says I looked like a regular aritztocrat.  “‘Be careful, Moritz,’ he says, ‘unt keep der shirt clean.’ I forgot to tell you dot ve hired a shirt, too, because it vas cheaper as two shirts. ‘Come, Moritz,’ he says, ‘let us go!’ ‘Us!’ I says, astonished. ‘Are you coming by der Montefiore ball, too?’ ‘Sure,’ he says. ‘You are der president, unt you can get me in without a ticket. I don’t have to wear a swallowtail evening dresser because I ain’d a member.’  “It took me only a second to t’ink der matter over. I am such a qvick t’inker. If he comes to my ball, I says to myself, I vill come by his! ‘Sure, Izzy,’ I says. ‘As my friend you are velcome.’ So ve vent to der Montefiore ball.  “Der moment ve got into der ballroom I seen vot a nasty disposition Isidore got. ‘Izzy,’ I says, ‘go get acqvainted mit a nice lady, unt dance unt enjoy yourself unt I vill see you again at elefen o’clock.’ ‘No, Moritz,’ he says. ‘I vill stick by you.’ I am a proud man, so I said, very dignified, ‘All right, if you vill have it so.’  “Unt Isidore stuck. Efry time I looked around me I seen his eyes keepin’ a lookout on der swallowtail evening dress. Such big eyes Isidore had dot night! ‘Don’t vatch me like dot, Izzy,’ I said. ‘Dey vill t’ink you are a detectif, unt dot I stole somet’ing.’ Efrytime I drops a leetle tiny bit from a cigar ashes on my swallowtail shirt Izzy comes running up mit a handkerchief unt cleans it off. Efry time I sits down on a chair Izzy comes up unt vispers in my ear, ‘Moritz, please don’t get wrinkles in der swallowtail. Remember, I got to wear it next.’ Efry time I took a drink Moritz comes unt holds der handkerchief under der glass so dot der beer should not drop on der swallowtail shirt. ‘Izzy,’ I says to him, ‘I am astonished.’  “So a hour vent by unt den comes in Miss Rabinowitz. Ven I see her I forget all about Isidore, unt about everyt’ing else. Oh, she is nice! I says, ‘Miss Rabinowitz, can I haf der pleasure uv der next dance?’ ‘No,’ she says, ‘I ain’d dancing tonight because my shoes hurts me. But ve can haf der pleasure of sidding out der next dance togedder.’ Den she says to her mamma, ‘Mamma, I am going to sid out der next dance mit dis gentleman friend of mine. You can go somevere else unt enjoy yourself.’ Dot gave me a idea. ‘Isidore,’ I says—Isidore was right on top uv my heels—‘gif Miss Rabinowitz’s mamma der pleasure of your company for a halfhour, like a good friend.’  “Isidore looks a million daggers in my eye, but he couldn’t say nodding.  “He had to do it. Unt I found a qviet place where it vas a little dark, unt Miss Rabinowitz sat close by me unt I vas holding her hand unt I vas saying to myself, ‘Moritz, dis is der opportunity to tell her der secret of your life—to ask her if she vill be yours! Her old man has a big factory unt owns t’ree houses!’ Unt den I looked up, unt dere vas Isidore.  “‘V’y did you leave Mrs. Rabinowitz?’ I asked. He gafe me a terrible look. ‘Moritz,’ he says, ‘Id iss elefen o’clock unt der time has come.’ ‘Vot time?’ asked Miss Rabinowitz. ‘Oh, Moritz knows vot I mean,’ he says. So I excused myself for a minute unt I vispered in Izzy’s ear, ‘Izzy,’ I says, ‘if you love me, if you are a friend of mine, if you vant to do me der greatest favour in der vorld—I ask you on my knees to gif me a extra halfhour! Dis iss der greatest moment uv my life!’ But Isidore only shooked his head. ‘Elefen o’clock,’ he said. ‘Remember der agreement!’ ‘A qvarter of a hour,’ I begged. I had tears in my eyes. But Isidore only scraped a spot off my swallowtail shirt unt den he said, ‘Moritz, I vill tell you vot I’ll do. I vouldn’t do dis for nobody else in der, vorld except my best friend. You can wear der suit ten minutes longer for fifty cents. Does dot suit you?’ Vot could I do? I looked at him mit sorrow. ‘Isidore,’ I said, awful sad, ‘I didn’t know you could be such a loafer! But you haf der advantage. I will do it.’  “He even made me pay der fifty cents cash on der spot, unt den he vent off to a corner where he could keep his eyes on der clock unt vatch me at der same time. Dose fifty cents vas wasted. How could I ask a lady to marry me mit dem big eyes of Isidore keeping a sharp watch on der clothes I had on?  “‘Id iss no use, Miss Rabinowitz,’ I says. ‘I had a matter uv terrible importance vot I vanted to tell you, but my friend iss in great trouble, unt ven Isidore has troubles in his heart, my heart iss heavy!’ ‘Oh,’ she says, so sveet, ‘you are such a nobleman! It makes der tears come to my eyes to hear of such friendships!’  “Dot vill show you vot a prize she vas. I hated to tell her a lie, but vot could I do? So I says I haf to go out mit Izzy unt get him out of his trouble, but at der end of two hours I come back. ‘I will wait for you,’ she says. Unt den, mit a cold, murder eye, I goes to Isidore unt says to him, ‘Come, false friend! I keep der agreement!’  “So Isidore dusts off my coat unt says he found a room upstairs where ve could change der clothes. Ven ve got to der room I took der swallowtail eveningdress coat off, unt der vest off, unt der pants off, unt der shirt off, unt I says to Isidore, ‘Dere iss not a spot on dem! I shall expect you to gif dem back to me in der same condition ven der two hours iss up. Remember dot!’ Unt den a horrible idea comes into my head. ‘Vot am I going to wear?’ I says. ‘I don’t know,’ says Isidore. He had already put der pants on. ‘Unt I don’t care,’ he says. ‘But if you vant to put my clothes on, for friendship’s sake I lend dem to you.’  “You know how little unt fat dot Isidore iss. Unt you see how tall unt skinny I am. But vot could I do? If I vent home to put on my own clothes I know it would be goodbye Isidore unt der swallowtail evening suit. I would never see dem again. I couldn’t trust dot false face. ‘Moritz,’ I says to myself, ‘don’d leave dot swallowtailer out uv your sight. No matter how foolish you look in Isidore’s short pants, put dem on. You aint a member uv der Baron Hirsch Literary Atzociation. You don’d care if your appearances iss against you. Stick to Isidore!’ So I put on his old suit. My! It vas so shabby after dot fine swallowtailer! Unt I felt so foolish! But, anyvay, dere vas vun satisfaction. Der swallowtailer didn’t fit Isidore a bit. He had to roll der pants up in der bottom. Unt der shirt vouldn’t keep shut in front—he vas so fat—unt you could see his undershirt. I nearly laughed—he looked so foolish. But I didn’t say anyt’ing—nefer again I vould haf no jokes mit Isidore. Only dot vun night—unt after dot our friendships vas finished.  “So ve vent to der Baron Hirsch’s across der street. Ven ve got by der door Isidore asked me, astonishedlike, ‘Haf you got a ticket, Moritz?’ ‘No,’ I says, ‘but you are der vicepresident, unt you can pass in your friend.’ But Isidore shooked his head. ‘Der rules,’ he said, ‘uv der Baron Hirsch Literary Atzociation is different from der rules uv der Montefiore Society. Efrybody vot ain’d a member has got to pay.’  “Say, vasn’t dot a nasty vun, vot? But vot could I do? It cost me a qvarter, but I paid it. Unt as soon as ve got in by der ballroom Isidore got fresh. ‘Moritz,’ he says, ‘ve vill let gonebys be gonebys, unt no monkey business. I vill introduce you to a nice young lady vot got a rich uncle, unt you can sit unt talk mit her while I go unt haf a good time. At vun o’clock sharp I vill come back unt keep der agreement.’  “‘Isidore,’ I says, awful proud, ‘vit your nice young ladies I vill got nodding to do. But to show you dot I ain’d no loafer I vill sit out in der hall unt trust you.’  “So I took a seat all by myself. My! I felt so foolish in Izzy’s clothes! Unt Izzy vent inside by der wineroom, where dey was all drinking beer. ‘Moritz,’ I says to myself, ‘you make a mistake to haf so much trust in dot false face. Maybe he iss getting spots on der shirt. Maybe he is spilling beer on der swallowtailer. He iss not der kind uv a man to take good care vit a evening dresser. ‘Moritz,’ I says it to myself, ‘be suspicious!’ Unt dot made me so nervous dot I couldn’t sit still. So I vent unt took a peek into der wineroom.  “Mein Gott, I nearly vent crazy! Dere vas dot loafer mit a big beer spot on my shirt in der front, unt drinking a glass of beer unt all der foam dropping in big, terrible drops on der pants uv der swallowtailer. I vent straight to his face unt said, ‘Loafer, der agreement is broke. You haf got spots on it. You are a false vun!’ Unt den Isidore—loafer vot he iss—punched me vun right on der nose. Vot could I do? He vas der commencer. I vas so excited dot I couldn’t say nodding. I punched him vun back unt den ve rolled on der floor.  “Ve punched like regular prizefighters. I done my best to keep der swallowtailer clean, unt Izzy done der best to keep his suit vot I had on clean, but dere vas a lot of beer on der floor unt ven der committee come unt put us out in der street—my! ve looked terrible! But nobody could make no more monkey business vit me dat night. ‘Izzy,’ I says—I vas holding him in der neck—‘take dot evening dresser off or else gif up all hopes!’ I vas a desperate character, unt he could read it in der tone uv my voice. He took der swallowtailer off—right out on der sidewalk uv der street. Den I put it on unt I vas getting all dressed while he vas standing in his underclothes, trying to insult me. Unt just ven I got all dressed unt he vas standing mit der pants in his hands calling me names vot I didn’t pay no attention to, but vot I vill get revenge for some time, dere comes up a p’liceman. Ve both seen him together, but I vas a qvicker t’inker as Isidore, so I says, ‘Mister P’liceman, dis man iss calling me names.’ He vas a Irisher, dot p’liceman, unt he hit Izzy vun mit his club, unt says, ‘Vot do you mean by comin’ in der street mitout your clothes on? You are a prisoner!’ So I says, ‘Goodnight, Isidore!’ unt I run across der street to der Montefiore ball. Dey all looked at me ven I got in like if dey wanted to talk to me, but I vas t’inking only uv Miss Rabinowitz. I found her by her mamma.  “‘Miss Rabinowitz,’ I says, ‘I haf kept my word. I promised to come back, unt here I am!’ She gafe me a look vot nearly broked my heart. ‘You are a drunker,’ she says.  “‘Miss Rabinowitz,’ I says, ‘dem iss hard words.’ ‘Go away,’ she says. ‘You look like a loafer. Instead of helping your friend you haf been drinking.’ Den her mamma gafe me a look unt says, ‘Drunken loafer, go ‘way from my daughter or I will call der police.’  “Vot could I do? As proud as I could I left her. Den a committee comes up to me unt says, ‘Moritz, go home. You look sick.’ Dey vas all laughing. Den somebody says, ‘He smells like a brewery vagon.’ Vot could I do? I vent home.  “Der next morning Isidore comes home. ‘Moritz,’ he says, ‘you are a fool.’ I gafe him vun look in his eye. ‘Isidore,’ I says, ‘you are der biggest loafer I haf efer seen.’ Ve haf never had a conversation since dot day.  “My! Such a loafer!”      DEBORAH   Her name was Deborah. When Hazard first saw her she was sitting on the steps of a tenement with Berman at her side, Berman’s betrothal ring on her finger, Berman’s arm around her waist. “Beauty and the beast!” Hazard murmured as he stood watching them. He was an artist, and a search for the picturesque had led him into Hester Street—where he found it.  Presently Hazard crossed the street, and, with a low bow and an air of modest hesitation that became him well, begged Berman to present his compliments to the young lady at his side and to ask her if she would allow an enthusiastic artist to make a sketch of her face. Hester Street is extremely unconventional. Deborah looked up into the blue eyes of the artist, and, with a faint blush, freed herself from her companion’s embrace. Then she smiled and told the artist he could sketch her. In a twinkling Hazard produced book and pencil. While he sketched they chatted together, ignoring Berman completely, who sat scowling and unhappy. When the sketch was finished the artist handed it to Deborah and begged her to keep it. But would she not come some day to pose for him in his studio? Her mother or sister or—with a jerk of his thumb—this sturdy chap at her side could accompany her. And she would be well paid. Her face fitted wonderfully into a painting he was working on, and he had been looking for a model for weeks. His mother lived at the studio with him—the young lady would be well cared for—five or six visits would be sufficient—a really big painting. Yes. Deborah would go.  When Hazard had departed, Deborah turned to her lover and observed, with disappointment, that he looked coarse and illfavoured.  “It is getting late,” she said. “I am going in.”  “Why, _Liebchen_,” Berman protested. “It is only eight o’clock!”  “I am very tired. Goodnight!”  Berman sat alone, gazing at the stars, struggling vainly to formulate in distinct thoughts the depth and profundity of his love for Deborah and the cause of that mysterious feeling of unrest, of unhappiness, of portending gloom that had suddenly come over him. But he was a simpleminded person, and his brain soon grew weary of this unaccustomed work. It was easier to fasten his gaze upon a single star and to marvel how its brightness and purity reminded him so strongly of Deborah.  In the weeks that followed he saw but little of Deborah, and each time he observed with dismay that a change had come over the girl. In the company of her mother she had been visiting Hazard’s studio regularly, and the only subject upon which Berman could get her to talk with any degree of interest was the artist and his work.  “Oh, it is a wonderful picture that he is painting!” she said. “It is the picture of a great queen, with a man kneeling at her feet, and I am the queen. I sit with a beautiful fur mantle over my shoulder, and, would you believe it, before I have been sitting five minutes I begin to feel as though I really were a queen. He is a great artist. Mamma sits looking at the picture that he is painting hour after hour. It is a wonderful likeness. And his mother is so kind to me. She has given me such beautiful dresses. And not a day goes by but what I learn something new and good from her. I am so ashamed of my ignorance.”  “Each time I see her,” thought Berman, “she grows more beautiful. How could anyone help painting a beautiful picture of her? She is growing like a flower. She is too good, too sweet, too beautiful for me!”  The blow came swiftly, unexpectedly. She came to his home while he sat at supper with his parents.  “Do not blame me,” she said. “I prayed night after night to God to make me love you, but it would not come. It is better to find it out before it is too late. You have been so kind, so good to me that it breaks my heart. Is it not better to come to you and to tell the truth?”  Berman had turned pale. “Is it the painter?” he whispered. A flood of colour surged to Deborah’s cheeks. Her eyes fell before his.  “He is a Christian, Deborah—a Christian!” he murmured, hoarsely. Then Deborah’s colour left her cheeks, and the tears started to her eyes.  “I know it! I know it! But——” Then with an effort she drew herself up. “It is better that we should part. Goodbye!”  “Goodbye!” said Berman. And his father arose and called after the departing figure:  “The peace of God go with you!”  With an artist’s eye Hazard had been quick to perceive the beauty of Deborah, and the possibilities of its development, and, with an artist’s temperament, he derived the keenest pleasure from watching that beauty grow and unfold. Her frequent presence, the touch of her hand and cheek as he helped her to pose, her merry laughter, and, above all, those big, trusting brown eyes in which he read, as clear as print, her love, her adoration for himself, all began to have their effect upon him. And, one day, when they were alone, and suddenly looking up, he had surprised in her eyes a look of such tenderness and sweetness that his brain reeled, he flung his brush angrily to the floor and cried:  “Confound it, Deborah, I can’t marry you!”  Deborah, without surprise, without wonderment, began to cry softly: “I know it! I have always known it!” she said. And when he saw the tears rolling down her cheeks he sprang to her side and clasped her in his arms, and whispered words of love in her ear, and kissed her again and again.  An old story, is it not? Aye, as old as life, as old as sin! And always the same—so monotonously the same. And always so pitiful. It is such a tempting path; the roses bloom redder here, and sweeter than anywhere else in the wide world. But there is always the darkness at the end—the same, weary darkness—the poor eyes that erstwhile shone so brightly grow dim in the vain endeavour to pierce it.  Like a flower that has blossomed to full maturity Deborah began to wilt and fade. Her beauty quickly vanished—beauty in Hester Street is rarely durable—Deborah grew paler and paler, thinner and thinner. To do him full justice Hazard was greatly distressed. It was a great pity, he thought, that Deborah had not been born a Christian. Had she been a Christian he could have married her without blasting his whole future career. As it was—Fate had been cruel. Let Hazard have full justice.  But it fell like a thunderbolt upon Berman when Deborah’s mother sent for him.  “She has been raving for two days, and she keeps calling your name! Won’t you sit by her bedside for a while? It may calm her!”  His heart almost stopped beating when he beheld how frail and feverworn were the features that he had loved so well. When he took her hand in his the touch burned—burned through to his heart, his brain, his soul.  “Berman will not come!” she cried. “He was kind to me, and I was so cruel. He will not come!”  Berman tried to speak, but the words stuck in his throat. Then, with that singsong intonation of those who are delirious with brain fever, Deborah spoke—it sounded like the chanting of a dirge: “Ah, he was so cruel! What did it matter that I was a Jewess! What did it matter that he was a Christian! I never urged him, because I loved him so! He said it would ruin his career! But, oh, he could have done it! We would have been so happy! Once he made the sign of the Cross on my cheek. But I told him I would become a Christian if he wanted me to. What did I care for my religion? I cared for nothing but him! But he was so cruel! So cruel! So cruel!”  It was more than blood could stand. With a cry of anguish Berman fled from the room. In the dawn of the following day Deborah’s mother, grey and worn, came out of the tenement. She saw Berman sitting on the steps. “It is over!” she said. Berman looked at her and slowly nodded. “All over!” he said.  When Hazard awoke that morning his servant told him that a strangelooking man wished to see him in the studio. “A model,” thought Hazard. “Tell him to wait.” Berman waited. He waited an hour. Then the Oriental curtains rustled, and Hazard appeared. He had walked halfway across the room before he recognised Berman. He recognised him as the man who sat beside Deborah when he had first seen her. The man who had his arm around her waist. The man whom he had referred to as a sturdy chap—who had, indeed, looked strong and big on that starry night. And who now loomed before his eyes in gigantic proportions. He recognised him—and a sudden chill struck his heart. Berman walked toward him. Without a word, without the faintest warning, he clutched the artist by the throat, stifling every sound. The artist struggled, as a mouse struggles in the grasp of a cat. From his pocket Berman drew a penknife. He could hold his victim easily with one hand. He opened the blade with his teeth. As a man might bend a reed, Berman bent the artist’s back until his head rested upon his knee. Then, quickly, he slashed him twice across the cheek, making the sign of a cross.  “You might have married her!” he whispered, hoarsely. Then he threw the helpless figure from him and slowly walked out of the room.  The newspapers told next day, how a maniac had burst into the studio of Hazard, the distinguished young painter, and without the slightest provocation had cut him cruelly about the face. The police were on the slasher’s trail, but Hazard doubted if he could identify the man again if he saw him. “It was so unexpected,” he said. To this day he carries a curious mark on his right cheek—exactly like a cross.      AN INTERRUPTION   In the story books the tragedies of life work themselves out to more or less tragic conclusions. In real life the most tragic tragedies are those that have no conclusion—that can have no conclusion until death writes “Finis!” From which one might argue that many of us would be better off if we lived in novels. Chertoff, however, lived in Hester Street, and therefore had to abide by his destiny.  Chertoff was a hunchback. He had a huge head and tremendously long arms and features of waxen pallor. Children who saw him for the first time would run from him with fright and would hide in doorways until he had passed. Yet those who knew him loved him, for under his repellent exterior throbbed a warm heart, and his nature was kindly and cheering. In Gurtman’s sweatshop, where he toiled from dawn to nightfall, he was loved by all—that is, all save Gurtman—for when the day’s task seemed hardest and the click and roar of the machines chanted the song of despair that all sweatshop workers know so well, Chertoff would burst into a lively tune and fill the room with gladness. Then he would gossip and tell interesting stories and bandy jests with anyone in the room who showed the slightest disposition to contribute a moment’s gaiety to the dreary, heartbreaking routine.  It was before the days of the factory inspectors, and conditions were bad—so bad that if anyone were to tell you how bad they were you would never believe it. In those days a bright spirit in a sweatshop was no common thing. One day Gurtman announced that there would be a reduction of three cents on piecework, and a great silence fell upon the room. A woman gasped as if something had struck her. And Chertoff struck up a merry Russian tune:   “_The miller in his Sunday clothes  Came riding into Warsaw._”  “Why do you always sing those silly tunes?” Gurtman asked, peevishly.  And then Chertoff closed his eyes and answered:  “Perhaps to save your life! Who knows?”  Then he opened his eyes and laughed, and many laughed with him at the very silliness of the retort, but the sweater only disliked him the more for it. It was a curious habit of Chertoff’s to close his eyes when something stung him, and it worked a startling transformation in his expression. It was as if a light had been extinguished and a sudden gloom had overspread his features. The lines became sharp, and something sinister would creep into his countenance. But in a moment his eyes would open and a light of kindness would illumine his face.  Twice this transformation had come upon him and had lingered long enough to make the room uneasy. The first time was when Chertoff’s mother, who had worked at the machine side by side with her son for five years, was summarily dismissed. Chertoff had asked the sweater for the reason. In the hearing of all the room Gurtman had curtly replied:  “She’s too old for work. She’s too slow. I don’t want her.”  They thought that Chertoff was fainting, so ashen and so haggard did his features become. But when he opened his eyes and smiled the iron rod that he held in his hands was seen by all to have been bent almost double. The other time—and oh! how this must have rankled!—was when Gurtman jestingly taunted Chertoff with being enamoured of Babel. For it was true. Chertoff, in addition to his skill as a workman, was an expert mechanic, and was quite valuable in the shop in keeping the sewing machines in repair. He was sitting under a machine with a big screwdriver in his hand when Gurtman, in a burst of pleasantry, asked him if it were true that he loved Babel. For a long time no answer came. Then the screwdriver rolled to the sweater’s feet, crumpled almost into a ball, and Chertoff’s merry voice rang out:  “Of course I love Babel! Who does not?”  And then all laughed—all save Babel, who reddened and frowned, for, with all her poverty and with all the struggle for existence that had been her lot since she was old enough to tread a pedal, Babel was a sensitive creature, and did not like to hear her name flung to and fro in the sweatshop. Was Babel pretty? “When a girl has lovely eyes,” says the Talmud, “it is a token that she is pretty.” Babel had lovely eyes, and must, therefore, have been pretty. Yet what matters it? Chertoff was eating out his heart with vain longing for Babel, suffering all the tortures of unrequited passion, all the agonies that he suffers who yearns with all the strength of his being to possess what he knows can never be his. Is not that the true tragedy of life? So what matters it if Babel be not to your taste or mine? Chertoff loved her.  He had never told Babel that he loved her; never had asked her whether she cared for him. He had spared himself added misery. Content to suffer, he did his best to conceal his hopeless passion, and strove with all his might to lighten the burden of gloom that was the lot of his fellowworkers. He never could understand, however, why the sweater had taken so strong a dislike to him. Surely Gurtman could envy him nothing. Why should a strong, finelooking man—a rich man, too, as matters went in Hester Street—take pleasure in tormenting an ugly, goodnatured cripple? It was strange, yet true. Perhaps it was that Chertoff’s cheery disposition grated upon the brooding, gloomy temperament of the sweater, or perhaps the cripple’s popularity in the sweatshop was an offence in his employer’s eyes, or perhaps it was merely one of those unreasoning antipathies that one man often feels toward another and for which he can give not the slightest explanation. It was an undeniable fact, however, that the sweater hated his hunchback employee, and would never have tolerated him had Chertoff not been so valuable a workman, and, deeming it unprofitable to discharge him, vented his dislike in baiting and tormenting Chertoff whenever an opportunity offered itself. And had it not been for Babel, Chertoff would have gone elsewhere. Hopeless though he knew his longing to be, he could not bring himself to part from her presence.  And so matters went until a summer’s night brought an interruption, and this interruption is the only excuse for this tale. It had been a busy day, and the sweatshop was working late into the night to finish its work. It had been a hot day, too, and men and women were nigh exhausted. The thermometer was ninetyfive in the street, but in this room, you know, were four tremendous stoves at full blast to keep the irons hot. And the machines had been roaring almost since daybreak, and the men and women were pale and weary and half suffocated. Chertoff had been watching Babel anxiously for nearly an hour. She had lost her pallor and her face had become slightly flushed, which is a bad sign in a sweatshop. He feared the strain was becoming too great, and the thoughts that crowded one upon another in his wearied brain were beginning to daze him. He made a heroic effort.  “Come, Babel,” he said, “if you will stop work and listen I’ll sing that song you like.”  “Sing it! Sing it!” cried fifty voices, although no one looked up.  “Not unless Babel stops working,” said Chertoff, smiling.  “Stop working, Babel! Stop working! We want a song!” they all cried. So Babel stopped working and, with a grateful nod to Chertoff, folded her hands in her lap and settled herself comfortably in her chair and fastened her eyes upon the door that led into the rear room. Gurtman was in this rear room filling the benzine cans.  Chertoff began to sing. It was an old Russian folksong, and it began like this:   “_Sang a little bird, and sang,  And grew silent;  Knew the heart of merriment,  And forgot it.  Why, O little songster bird,  Grew you quiet?  How learned you, O heart, to know  Gloomy sorrow?_”  He had sung this far when the door of the rear room was flung open and Gurtman, in angry mood, cried:  “In God’s name stop! That singing of yours is making my back as crooked as yours!”  Chertoff turned swiftly, with arm upraised, but before he could utter a word a huge flame of fire shot from the open doorway and enveloped the sweater, and a crash, loud as a peal of thunder, filled the room.  The benzine had exploded. In a twinkling bright flames seemed to dart from every nook and cranny, and the wall between the two rooms was torn asunder. Then a panic of screams and frenzied cries arose, and the workers ran wildly, some to the door, some to the windows that looked down upon the street four stories below, some trying frantically to tear their way through the solid walls. The voice of Chertoff rose above the tumult. “Follow me!” he cried. “Don’t be afraid!” He seized Babel, who had fainted, laid her gently upon his misshapen shoulder, and led the way into an adjoining room where the windows opened upon a fire escape. “Take your time,” he cried. “Follow me slowly down the ladders. There is no danger.”  Once out of sight of the flames calmness was soon restored, and one by one they slowly descended the iron ladders, following the lead of the hunchback with his burden. Babel soon regained consciousness. She looked wildly from face to face and then, clutching Chertoff’s arm, asked hoarsely, “Gurtman! Where is he? Is he safe?”  Chertoff smiled. “Do not worry, Babel. He probably will never torment a human being again!”  Babel relaxed her hold and every drop of blood left her face. She began to moan pitifully: “I loved him! I loved him!” She buried her face in her hands and burst into a fit of weeping. Chertoff’s eyes closed. A look of hatred, unutterable, venomous hatred, flashed into his face. He swayed to and fro with clenched fists, as though he would fall. Then swiftly he raised his head, his eyes opened, and a smile overspread his face. “Wait, Babel,” he whispered. “Wait!” With the agility of a gorilla he sprang upon the iron ladder and climbed swiftly upward. The bright moon cast a weird, twisting shadow upon the wall of the house, as of some huge, misshapen beast. He reached the fourth story and disappeared through the open window, whence the smoke had already begun to creep. Presently he reappeared with the form of Gurtman upon his shoulder, and slowly descended. With the utmost gentleness he laid his burden upon the ground and placed his hand over the heart. Then he looked up into Babel’s face.  “He is alive. He is not hurt much.” Then Babel cried as though her heart would break, and Chertoff—went home.  Gurtman lived. He lived, and in a few days the sweatshop was running again exactly as it had run before, and everything else went on exactly as it had gone on before. Perhaps Chertoff’s pale face became a trifle whiter, but that only brought out his ugliness the more vividly. He was a splendid workman, and Gurtman could not afford to lose him. Sometimes when the task was hard he sang that old song:   “_Sang a little bird, and sang,  And grew silent;  Knew the heart of merriment,  And forgot it.  Why, O little songster bird,  Grew you quiet?  How learned you, O heart, to know  Gloomy sorrow?_”      THE MURDERER   When Marowitz arrived at the stationhouse to report for duty, the sergeant gazed at him curiously.  “You’re to report at headquarters immediately,” he said. “I don’t know what for. The Chief just sent word that he wants to see you.”  Marowitz looked bewildered. Summons to headquarters usually meant trouble. Rewards usually came through the precinct Captain. Marowitz wondered what delinquency he was to be reprimanded for. He could think of nothing that he had done in violation of the regulations.  Half an hour later he stood in the presence of the Chief.  “You sent for me,” he said.  The Chief looked at him inquiringly. “What is your name?” he asked.  “Marowitz.”  The Chief’s face lit up. “Oh, yes,” he said. “From the Eldridge Street station. Do you speak the Yiddish jargon?”  Marowitz drew a long breath of relief.  “Yes, sir,” he answered. “I live in the Jewish quarter.”  “Good,” said the Chief. “I want you to lay aside your uniform and put on citizen’s clothes. Then go and look for a chap named Gratzberg. He is a Russian, and is wanted in Odessa for murder. He is supposed to be hiding somewhere in the Jewish quarter here. You’ll have no trouble in spotting him if you run across him. Here,”—the Chief drew a slip of paper from his desk—“here is the cabled description: Height, five feet seven; weight, aboutpounds. Has a black beard. Blue eyes. Right ear marked on top by deep scar.”  He handed the paper to Marowitz.  “Keep your eyes open,” he said, “for marked ears. It’ll be a big thing for you if you catch him. When I was your age I would have given the world for a chance like this.”  When Marowitz left headquarters he walked on air. Here was a chance, indeed. He had been a policeman for nearly six years, and in all that time there had come no opportunity to distinguish himself through heroism or skill, or through any achievement, save the faithful performance of routine duty. His heart now beat high with hope. How pleased his wife would be! His name would be in all the newspapers. “The Murderer Caught! Officer Marowitz Runs Him to Earth!” Officer Marowitz already enjoyed the taste of the intoxicating cup of fame.  In mounting the stairs of the tenement where he lived Marowitz nearly stumbled over the figure of a little boy who was busily engaged in playing Indian, lurking in the darkness in wait for a foe to come along. The next moment the little figure was scrambling over him, shouting with delight:  “It’s papa! Come to play Indian with Bootsy!”  “Hello, little rascal!” cried the policeman. “Papa can’t play today. Got to go right out after naughty man.”  Suddenly an idea came to him.  “Want to come along with papa, little Boots?” he asked. The little fellow yelled with joy at the prospect of this rare treat. He was six years old, and had blue eyes and a winsome face. His real name was Hermann, but an infantile tendency to chew for hours all the shoes and boots of the household had fastened upon him the name of “Boots,” by which all the neighbourhood knew him and loved him. An hour later, and all that day, and all the next day, and the day after for a whole week, Marowitz and his little son wandered, apparently in aimless fashion, up and down the streets of the East Side. The companionship of the boy was as good as a thousand disguises. It would have been difficult to imagine anything less detectivelike or policelike than this amiablelooking young father taking his son out for a holiday promenade.  Occasionally they would wander into one or another of the Jewish cafés, where little Boots ascended to the seventh heaven of joy in sweet drinks while Marowitz gazed about him, carelessly, for a man with a dark beard and a marked ear. In one of these cafés, happening to pick up a Russian newspaper, he read an account of the crime with which this man Gratzberg was charged. It appeared that Gratzberg, while returning from the synagogue with his wife, had accidently jostled a young soldier. The soldier had struck him, and abused him for a vile Jew, and Gratzberg, knowing the futility of resenting the insult, had edged out of the soldier’s way, and was passing on when he heard a scream from his wife. The soldier, attracted by the woman’s comeliness, had thrown his arms around her, saying, “I will take a kiss from those Jewish lips to wipe out the insult to which I have been subjected.” In sudden fury Gratzberg rushed upon the soldier, and, with a light cane which he carried, made a swift thrust into his face. The soldier fell to the ground, dead. The thin point of the cane had entered his eye and pierced through into the brain. Gratzberg turned and fled, and from that moment no man had seen him.  Marowitz laid down the paper and frowned. He sat for a long time, plunged in thought. Then, with a shrug of his shoulders, he muttered, “Duty is duty.” And, taking little Boots by the hand, he resumed his search for the man with the black beard and the marked ear.  It was a long and tedious search, and almost barren in clues. Two men whom he approached—men whom he knew—remembered having seen a man who answered the description, but their recollection was too dim to afford him the slightest assistance. In the course of the week he had made a dozen visits to every café, restaurant, and meeting place in the neighbourhood, had conscientiously patrolled every street, both by day and by night, had gone into many stores, and followed the delivery of nearly all the Russian newspapers that came into that quarter. But without a glimpse of the man with the marked ear.  There came a night when the heat grew so intense, and the atmosphere so humid and suffocating that nearly every house in the Ghetto poured out its denizens into the street to seek relief. Numerous parties made their way to the river, to lounge about the docks and piers, where a light breeze brought grateful relief from the intense heat.  “Want to go down to the river, Boots?” asked Marowitz.  The lad’s eyes brightened. He was worn out with the heat, and too weary to speak. He laid his little hand in his father’s, and they went down to the river. Marowitz walked down a long pier, crowded with people, and peered into the face of every man he saw. They were all peaceful workingmen, oppressed by the heat, and seeking rest, and none among them had marked ears. The cool breeze acted like a tonic upon little Boots. In a few minutes he had joined a group of children who were running out and screaming shrilly at play, and presently his merry voice could plainly be distinguished above all the rest. Marowitz seated himself on the stringpiece at the end of the pier, and leaned his head against a post in grateful, contented repose. His mind went ruefully over his week’s work.  “He cannot be in this neighbourhood,” he thought, “else I would have found some trace of him. I have left nothing undone. I have worked hard and faithfully on this assignment. But luck is against me. Tomorrow I will have to report—failure.”  It was a depressing thought. He had had his chance and had failed. Promotion—the rosy dawn of fame—became dimmer and dimmer. Now suddenly rose a scream of terror, followed instantly by a loud splash. Then a hubbub of voices and cries. Then, out of the black water, a wild cry, “Papa! Papa!” Even before the people began to run toward him Marowitz realised that Boots had fallen into the river. A swift, sharp pang of dread, of horrible fear, shot through him. He saw the white, upturned face floating by—sprang swiftly, blindly into the water. And not until the splash, when the shock of the cold water struck him, at the very moment when he felt the arms of little Boots envelop him, and felt the strong current sweeping them along—not until then did Marowitz remember that he could not swim a stroke.  “Help! Help!” he cried, at the top of his voice. But the lights of the pier had already begun to fade. The cries of the people were rapidly dying out into a low hum. It was ebb tide, swift and relentless as death. A twist in the current carried them in toward another pier—deserted—and dark—save for a faint gleam of light that shone through an aperture below the stringpiece and threw a dancing trail of dim brightness upon the water.  “Help! Help!” cried Marowitz, in despair. He heard an answering cry. The faint light had suddenly been cut off; the opening through which it had shone had suddenly been enlarged; Marowitz saw the figure of a man emerge.  “Help! For God’s sake!” he cried.  The man climbed quickly to the top of the pier, shouting something which Marowitz could not distinguish—seized a great log which lay upon the pier, and, holding it in his arms, sprang into the water. A few quick strokes brought him to Marowitz’s side. He pushed forward the log so that the policeman could grasp it. Then, allowing the current to carry them down the stream, yet, by slow swimming guiding the log nearer and nearer toward the shore, the man was finally able to grasp the rudder of a ship at anchor in a dock. A few moments later they stood upon the deck, surrounded by the crew of the ship; the loungers of the wharf alongside gazing down upon them in curiosity. Boots was safe and uninjured. The moment he felt his feet firmly planted on the ship’s deck he burst into wild wailing, and Marowitz, with his hand upon his heart, murmured thanks to God. Then he turned to thank his rescuer, who stood, with the water dripping from him, under a ship’s lantern. The next moment Marowitz’s outstretched hand fell, as if stricken, to his side, and he stood stock still, bewildered. The lantern’s rays fell upon the man’s ear, illuminating a deep red scar. The water was dripping from the man’s long black beard. And when he saw Marowitz draw back, and saw his gaze fastened as if fascinated upon that scarred ear, a ghastly pallor overspread the man’s face. For a moment they stood thus, gazing at each other. Then Marowitz strode forward impetuously, seized the man’s hand, and carried it to his lips, and in the Yiddish jargon said to him:  “You have saved my boy’s life. You have saved my life. May the blessing of the Lord be upon you!”  Marowitz then took his son in his arms and walked briskly homeward.  “What luck?” asked the Chief next day, when he reported at headquarters. Marowitz shook his head.  “They must be mistaken. He is not in the Jewish quarter.”  The Chief frowned. Then Marowitz, with heightened colour, said:  “I want to resign. I—I don’t think I’m cut out for a good detective.”  “H’m!” said the Chief. “I guess you’re right.”      UNCONVERTED   The Reverend Thomas Gillespie (it may have been William—I am not sure of his first name) noticed a tall old man with fierce brown eyes standing in the front of the crowd. Then a stone struck the Reverend Gillespie in the face. The crowd pressed in upon him, and it would have gone ill with the preacher if the tall, browneyed man had not turned upon the crowd and, in a voice that drowned every other sound, cried:  “Touch him not! Stand back!”  The crowd hesitated and halted. The tall man had turned his back upon the Reverend Gillespie, and now stood facing the roughlooking group.  “Touch him not!” he repeated. “He is an honest man. He means us no harm. He is but acting according to his lights. He is only mistaken. Whoever throws another stone is an outcast. ‘Before me,’ said the Lord, ‘there is no difference between Jew and Gentile; he that accomplishes good will I reward accordingly.’ Friends, go your way!”  In a few minutes the entire crowd had dispersed; the tall man was helping the clergyman to his feet, and the first “openair meeting” of the Reverend Gillespie’s “Mission to the East Side Jews” had come to an end. The Reverend’s cheek was bleeding, and the tall man helped him staunch the flow of blood with the aid of a handkerchief that seemed to have seen patriarchal days.  “Friend,” he then said to the clergyman, “can you spare a few moments to accompany me to my home? It is close by, and I would like to speak to you.”  The clergyman’s head was in a whirl. The happenings of the past few minutes had dazed him. He was a young man and enthusiastic, and this idea of converting the Jews of the East Side to Christianity was all his own idea—all his own undertaking, without pay, without hope of reward. He knew German well, and a little Russian, and it had not taken him long to acquire sufficient proficiency in the jargon to make himself clearly understood. Then began this “openair meeting,” the sudden outburst of derisive cries and hooting before he had uttered a dozen words of the solemn exhortation that he had so carefully planned, then the rush and the stone that had cut his cheek, and—he was only dimly conscious of this—the sudden interference of the tall man. He was glad to accompany his rescuer—glad to do anything that would afford a moment’s quiet rest. The Reverend Gillespie wanted to think the situation over.  The tall man led him into a tenement close by, through the hall, and across a filthy courtyard into a rear tenement, and then up four foul, weary flights of stairs. He opened a door, and the clergyman found himself in a small dark room that seemed, from its furnishings, as well as from its odours, to serve the purpose of sitting, sleeping, diningroom, and kitchen. In one corner stood a couch, upon which lay an old man, apparently asleep. His long, grey beard rose and fell upon the coverlet with his regular breathing; but his cheeks were sunken, and his hands, that clutched the edge of the coverlet, were thin and wasted.  “Rest yourself,” said the tall man to the clergyman. “You are worn out.”  The clergyman seated himself and drew a long breath of relief. He was really tired, and sitting down acted like a tonic. He began to thank his rescuer. It was the first word he had spoken, and his voice seemed to arouse a sudden fire in the eyes of his rescuer.  “Listen!” he cried, leaning forward, and pointing a long, gaunt finger at the clergyman. “Listen to me. I have brought you here because I think you are an honest man. You are like a man who walks in the midst of light with his eyes shut and declares there is no light. You have come here to preach to Jews, to beseech them to forsake the teachings of the Prophets and to believe that the Messiah has come. But to preach to Jews you must first find your Jews. You were not speaking to Jews. It was not a Jew who threw that stone at you. It is true the Talmud says, ‘An Israelite, even when he sins and abandons the faith, is still an Israelite.’ But you have not come to convert the sinners against Israel. You have come to convert Jews. And I have brought you here to show you a Jew.  “That old man whom you see there—no, he is not sleeping. He is dying. You are shocked? No, he has no disease. Medical skill can do nothing for him. He is an old man, tired of the struggle of life, worn out, wasting away. Oh, he will open his eyes again, and he will eat food, too, but there is no hope. In a few days he will be no more.  “He is a Jew. We came from Russia together, he and I, and we struggled together, side by side, for nearly a quarter of a century. It did not take me long to forget many of the things the rabbis had taught me, and to become impatient of the restraints of religion. But he remained steadfast, oh, so steadfast! His religion was the breath of life to him; he could no more depart from it than he could accustom himself to live without breathing. It was a bitter struggle, year after year, slaving from break of day until dark, with nothing to save, no headway, no future, no hope. I often became despondent, but he was always cheerful. He had the true faith to sustain him; a smile, a cheerful word, and always some apt quotation from the Talmud to dispel my despondent mood.  “He argued with me, he pleaded with me, he read to me the words of the law, and the interpretations of the learned rabbis, day after day, month after month, year after year—always so kind, so gentle, so patient, so loving. And all the while we struggled for our daily living together and suffered and hungered, and many times were subjected to insult and even injury. And he would always repeat from the Talmud, ‘Man should accustom himself to say of everything that God does that it is for the best.’  “Then Fortune smiled upon him. An unexpected piece of luck, a bold enterprise, a few quick, profitable ventures, and he became independent. He made me share his good fortune. We started one of those little banking houses on the East Side, and so great was the confidence that all who knew him possessed in him, that in less than a year we were a wellknown, reliable establishment, with prospects that no outsider would ever have dreamed of. Through all the days of prosperity he remained a devout Jew. Not a feast passed unobserved. Not a ceremony went unperformed. Not an act of devotion, of kindness, or of charity prescribed by the Talmud was omitted by my friend.  “Then came the black day—the great, panic of six years ago—do you remember it? It came suddenly, on a Friday afternoon, like a huge stormcloud, threatening to burst the next morning.  “They came to him—all his customers—in swarms, to ask him if he would keep his banking place open the next day. ‘No!’ he said. ‘Tomorrow is the Sabbath!’ ‘You will be ruined!’ they cried. ‘We will be ruined!’ ‘Friends,’ he said, in his quiet way, ‘I have enough money laid aside to guard you against ruin, even if all my establishment be wiped from the face of the earth. But tomorrow is the Sabbath. I have observed the Sabbath for nearly sixty years. I must not fail tomorrow.’  “And when the morrow came the bank failed, and they brought the news to him in the synagogue. But he gave no heed to them; he was listening to the reading of the law. They came to tell him that banks were crashing everywhere, that the bottom had fallen out of the world of business and finance. But he was listening to the words that were spoken by Moses on Sinai.  “And,” the narrator’s eyes filled, and the tears began to roll down his cheeks, “on the Monday that followed he gave, to every man and to every woman and to every child that had trusted him, every penny that he had saved, and he made me give every penny that I had saved. And when all was gone, and the last creditor had gone away, paid in full, he turned to me and said, ‘Man should accustom himself to say of everything that God does that it is for the best!’  “And the next day—yes, the very next day—we applied for work in a sweater’s shop, and we have been working there ever since.  “We were too old to begin daring ventures over again. I would have clung to the money we had saved, but he—he was so good, so honest, that the very thought of it filled me with shame. And now he is worn out.  “In a few days he will die, and I will be left to fight on alone.  “But, oh, my friend, there, lying on that couch, you see a Jew!  “Would you convert him? What would you have him believe? To what would you change his faith? Ah, you will say there are not many like him. No! Would to God there were! It would be a happier world.  “But it was faith in Judaism that made him what he was. If I—if all Jews could only believe in the religion of their fathers as he believed—what an example to mankind Israel would be!  “My friend, I thank you. You have come with me—you have listened to my story. I must attend to my friend. May the peace of God be with you!”  The Reverend Thomas Gillespie (although, as I said, it may have been William) bowed, and, without a word, walked slowly out of the room. His lips trembled slightly.  The “second outdoor meeting of the Reverend Gillespie’s Mission to the East Side Jews” has never taken place.      WITHOUT FEAR OF GOD   The thread on which the good qualities of human beings are strung  like pearls, is the fear of God. When the fastenings of this fear  are unloosed the pearls roll in all directions and are lost, one  by one.   —_The Book of Morals._   Be pleased to remember that this tale points no moral, that there is absolutely nothing to be deduced from it, and that in narrating it I am but repeating a curious incident that belongs to the East Side. It is a strange place, this East Side, with its heterogeneous elements, its babble of jargons. Its noise and its silence, its impenetrable mystery, its virtues, its romance, and its poverty—above all, its poverty! Some day I shall tell you something about the poverty of the East Side that will tax your credulity.   There lived on the East Side once a man who had no fear of God. His name was Shatzkin, and there had been a time when he was a learned man, skilled in the interpretation of Talmudic lore, fair to look upon and strong.  Like many another outcast he had come with his story and his mystery out of the “poisonous East,” and there was no tie between him and his neighbours save the tie of Judaism. It is a wonderful bond between men, this tie of Judaism, a bond of steel that it has taken four thousand years of suffering and death to forge, and its ends are fastened to men’s hearts by rivets that are stronger than adamant, and the rabbis call these rivets “The fear of God.”  The heat of summer came on. You who swelter in your parlour these sultry days—do you know what the heat of summer means to two families chained by poverty within a solitary room in a Ghetto tenement, where there is neither light nor air, where the pores of the walls perspire, where the stench of decay is ever present, where there is nothing but heat, heat, heat? You who have read with horror the tale of the Black Hole of Calcutta—have you seen a child lie upon a bare floor, gasping, and gasping and gasping for breath amid the roomful of silent people who are stitching for bread? I would give a year of my life to wipe out a certain memory that is awakened each time I hear a child cry—it was terrible.  But I was telling you the story of Shatzkin.  The heat of summer came on, and his youngestborn died in his arms for lack of nourishment. And while his wife sat wringing her hands and the other children were crying, Shatzkin laid the lifeless body upon the bare floor, and, donning his praying cap, raised his voice and chanted:  “Great is my affliction, O God of Israel, but Thou knowest best!”  And it grew hotter, and the other children succumbed.  “You had better send them to the country,” said the doctor, and, seeing Shatzkin staring at him dumbly, “Don’t you understand what I mean?” he asked. Shatzkin nodded. He understood full well and—and that night another died, and Shatzkin bowed his head and cried:  “Great is my affliction, O God of Israel, but Thou knowest best!”  Within a week the Shatzkins were childless—it was a terrible summer—and when the congregation B’nai Sholom assembled upon the following Sabbath and the rabbi spoke words of comfort, Shatzkin, with his face buried in his hands, murmured:  “My sorrow is nigh unbearable, O God of Israel, but Thou knowest best!”  And now the heat grew greater, and the sweatshops, with all their people, were as silent as the grave. The men cut the cloth and ironed it, and the women stitched, stitched, stitched, with never a sound, and there was no weeping, for their misery was beyond the healing power of tears.  Shatzkin’s wife fell to the floor exhausted, and they carried her to her room above, and sent for a doctor.  “The sea air would do her good,” said the doctor.  “The sea air,” repeated Shatzkin, stupidly. “The sea air.”  “Keep her as cool as you can. I will call again in the morning.”  “The sea air,” was all that Shatzkin said. “The sea air.”  In the middle of the night the woman cried, “Shatzkin! Shatzkin!”  He looked down, for her head lay upon his lap.  “Shatzkin!” She was smiling feebly. “The baby—Aaron—Esther—dear Shatzkin——”   The congregation of B’nai Sholom had assembled for Sabbath eve worship. The rabbi was in the midst of the service.  “Blessed be God on high!” he read from the book. “Blessed be the Lord of Israel, who holds the world in the palm of His hand. For He is a righteous God——”  “Ho! ho!” shouted a derisive voice. The startled worshippers hastily turned their heads. They beheld a gaunt figure that had risen in the rear of the room, and seemed to be shaking with laughter. It was Shatzkin, but so pale and worn that few recognised him.  “Who are you that disturb this holy service?” cried the rabbi. “Have you no fear of God in your heart?”  The man ceased laughing and stared the rabbi in the eyes. “No,” he said, slowly. “I have no fear of God.”  A terrible hush had fallen upon the assemblage, and the man, looking vacantly from one to another of the faces that were turned to him, said, in a hollow voice:  “I am Shatzkin. Does no one remember Shatzkin? I sat here only last week,” and, slowly, “my—wife—went—to—the—seashore!”  The rabbi’s face softened.  “Good, brother Shatzkin,” his voice was trembling. “God has tried——”  “You lie!” cried Shatzkin, fiercely. “Do not speak to me of God! I have no fear of Him! He killed my youngestborn, and I prayed to Him—on my knees I prayed and cried, ‘Thou knowest best!’ And He killed the others—all the others, and I blessed Him and on my knees I prayed, ‘Thou knowest best!’ And He killed my wife—my darling wife—in my arms He killed her. And I am alone—alone—alone, and I fear no God! Curse—curse—curse! Ha! ha! ha! ho! ho! ho! Why should I fear God?”  And throwing a prayerbook to the floor he trampled it under foot, and rushed out into the street.   For many years there worked in one of the sweatshops on the East Side a shrivelled little man, with keen blue eyes, who was always laughing. From sunrise until midnight he toiled, sometimes humming an old melody, but always with a smile upon his lips. The other workers laughed and chatted merrily in the winter time, and became grave and silent in the summer, but rarely did they pay attention to the old man who seemed always happy. Strangers that visited the place were invariably attracted by the cheerful aspect of the man, but when they spoke to him he would smile and answer:  “I must earn money to send my wife to the sea air!”  And if they asked, “Who is this man?” they would be told in a whisper of awe:  “He has no fear of God!”  And then a significant shake of the head.   The heat of summer is here again. Shatzkin has been dead a long time, and the story is almost forgotten. But in the Ghetto each day his cry is repeated, and through the heat and the foul air there arises from a thousand hearts the tearless murmur:  “Great is my affliction, O God of Israel, but Thou knowest best!”      THE SUN OF WISDOM   “And therefore,” concluded Salvin, stroking his long, grey beard, “we are forced to accept the belief that the object of life is toil. We are the advance guard cutting out the road down which the next generation will travel, who, in turn, will carry the road further along. Our work done—our usefulness ends. We have accomplished our mission, and nothing remains but to make way for our successors.”  Young Levine smiled, and rose to go.  “You are wrong, my pessimistic brother,” he said, fondly laying his hand upon the old man’s shoulder. “You are wrong. Some day the sun of wisdom may shine upon you and you will learn the truth.”  Salvin had been the friend of Levine’s father, and, despite the inequality of their ages, a firm friendship existed between him and the son. He now blew a smoke ring toward the ceiling, and with a smile of amusement gazed at the young man.  “And what, O Solomon,” he asked, “may the sun of wisdom have taught you?”  Levine’s face lit up.  “The object of life,” he said, speaking swiftly and earnestly, “is love. It begins with love; it ends with love. Without love life has no object. It is, then, mere aimless, wondering, puzzling existence during which the mind—like yours—struggles vainly to solve the riddle of why and wherefore. But those who have once had the truth pointed out to them are never in doubt. To them love explains all. Without love you cannot know life.”  Salvin smiled, and then, as the young man departed, his face grew serious. He sat for a long time plunged in deepest thought. Strange memories must have crowded upon him, for his eyes softened, and the lines of his face relaxed their tension.  But at the end of it he only sighed and shook his head gently and muttered, “It is toil! Not love! Toil!”  Levine, meanwhile, was walking back to his work. He was a compositor in the printingshop of the _Jewish Workingman_, and it had been his custom, for years, to meet his friend Salvin at the noonday meal in Weiss’s café, where they discussed those problems of life that perplex the minds of thinking men. One problem, Levine felt, had been solved—had been finally and definitely made clear. And the magic had all been worked by Miriam’s eyes—coalblack eyes that now seemed the alpha and omega of all his existence. For Levine, the object of life was Miriam. The sun rose in order that he might look upon her. It set in order that night might bring her sweet repose.  The seasons—what were they but a varying background against which the panorama of love could unfold itself? He toiled—for Miriam. He lived—for Miriam. He thought—always of Miriam. Could there be a simpler explanation of the mysteries of existence? Poor old Salvin! Poor, blind pessimist! After so much pondering to achieve nothing better than that hopeless creed! Toil? Yes, but only as a step toward love—as a means toward the higher end. If man were created for toil, then man were doomed to everlasting animal existence. Whereas love raised him to higher planes, transformed him into a higher, nobler being. Could life desire a sublimer object?  Levine trod on air. In his workshop the walls, the lights, the papers—all that surrounded him—sang to him of love. The presses chanted the melody of Miriam’s eyes all the livelong day. The very stones in the street seemed to him to sing it: “She is fair! She is fair! She is fair!” and “Love is all! Love is all! Love is all!”   One day they were married. Salvin was there, with a hearty clasp of the hand for his friend, and a kiss and a blessing for the bride. And laughingly Levine whispered into his ear, “It is love!” But Salvin was stubborn. He smiled and shook his head playfully. But what he whispered in return was, “It is toil!”  They were married, and the universe joined with them in their pæan of love—love that, like the wind, “bloweth where it listeth, and thou hearest the sound thereof, but canst not tell whence it cometh and whither it goeth.”   Do you know that kind of woman whose temperament is like the smiling sunshine? Miriam was one of these. A light, happy heart—a nature that gloried in the joy of existence—ever ready to sing, to smile, to frolic—sympathetic to all woe, yet realising sorrow only as an external affliction, whose sting she could see, but had never felt—the soul of merriment was Miriam. Her lot in life was an humble one; her task had been severe; but through it all that sunshiny nature had served as a shield to ward off the blows of life. Once—there was a man. For a few hours Miriam’s brow had puckered in deep thought. But the man had been foolish enough to ask for a capitulation—for unconditional surrender—ere the battle had been half fought, and Miriam had shaken her head and had passed him by. Then Levine had come. There was a delicate, poetic strain in his nature that had immediately appealed to her, and his soft words fell upon willing ears. He had wooed her gently, tenderly, caressingly—in marked contrast to the tempestuous courtship that had failed—and he had won. It “bloweth where it listeth, and thou hearest the sound thereof, but canst not tell whence it cometh and whither it goeth!”  Love’s eyes are keen, and Levine was quick to see the change that slowly came over his wife. He could not have explained it; there was no name for it; it baffled analysis. The first time he spoke to her about it she laughed and threw her arms around his neck, saying, “Can’t you see that I am growing older? You cannot expect your wife to remain a silly, giggling girl all her life.”  The second time he spoke to her about it she gave the same answer. She did not embrace him, however. And when she had answered him her face became thoughtful. He spoke to her about it a third time. She looked at him a long time before speaking. Then she said, slowly:  “Yes. I feel like a different woman. But I don’t understand it.” He did not offer to kiss her that night, as was his custom, but waited for her to make the first advance. She did not seem to notice the omission.  He never spoke to her about the matter again. He never kissed her again.  The marvels of a woman’s mind, the leaps and bounds of the emotions, the gamut of passion upon which her fancy plays and lingers—all these are the despair of psychology. Yet their manifestation is sufficiently clear. How it came or whence it came, or why it came, even Miriam herself could not tell. But as a flash of lightning on an inky night reveals with vivid clearness what the darkness conceals, so the sudden revelation that she adored the man whom she had rejected lit up, for a brief moment, the gloom that had fallen upon her heart and laid bare the terrible dreary prospect of her life. It came like a thunderbolt. She loved him. She had always loved him. He was the lord and master whom her heart craved. The fire had been smouldering in her heart. Now it leaped into devouring flame. He loved her! He had fallen upon his knees and had tried to drag her toward him. He had sworn that his life would be wretched without her. And now that she was married he had thrown all the energies of his heart and soul into incessant toil in order that he might forget her. Married? She, the wife of Levine? A cry of despair broke from her lips.  Ah, yes. The lightning flash had passed. But she remembered what its brightness had revealed. She knew now!  For a long time—for many weeks—she often felt an almost irresistible impulse to scream aloud, so that her husband—so that all the world might hear: “I love him! Him only! No one but him.” But the heart learns to bear even agony in silence. Miriam settled down into the monotonous groove that fate had marked out for her. The revelation that had come to her so suddenly developed into a wall that rose between her and her husband. An invisible wall, yet each felt its presence, and after many ineffectual attempts to surmount this barrier, to woo and win her heart anew, Levine abandoned the effort and yielded to despair. She never told him, and he never knew—never even suspected. But after that they lived in different worlds—each equally wretched. For there is only one other lingering misery on earth that can compare with the lot of a woman who is married to one man with her heart and soul bound up in another. It is the lot of her husband.  For Miriam there was no consolation. Her secret was buried in her inmost soul; she was doomed to live out her life brooding over it. During the day she often cried. When her husband came home she met him with a calm face—often with a smile—and then they would sit and talk over trivial matters the while that her agony was eating into her heart.  And Levine—the torments that he endured were beyond all description! Of a sensitive temperament, yet endowed with a clear, critical, philosophic intellect, he sought for an explanation and a remedy in a scrutiny of every incident of their married life, in selfanalysis, in the keenest introspection, and found nothing but that insurmountable wall. Nothing seemed credible or tangible save that dull gnawing pain in his heart. Once or twice the thought of selfdestruction entered his head. Why he thrust it aside he could not say. He was not a coward. The prospect of fighting his way through life with that burden of misery upon his soul possessed infinitely more terrors for him than the thought of suicide. Nor did he pursue the suggestion sufficiently to come to the conclusion that it was unworthy. It was an alien thought, foreign to his nature, and could find no lodgment. That was all. He lived on and suffered.  Have you ever heard of Levine, the poet? He is a compositor in the printingshop of the _Jewish Workingman_ by day—he writes poetry, and, occasionally, short prose articles at night. He is not a genius. He is not a born singer. But his work is strong in its sincerity, and through it all runs a strain—that worldold strain of pleading—of weakness pleading for strength, of the oppressed pleading for justice. He is not a great poet, but among the readers of the _Jewish Workingman_, and among the loiterers in the East Side cafés, he is looked upon as a “friend of the masses.” And what they all marvel at is his prodigious industry. A day’s work in the composingroom of the _Jewish Workingman_ is a task calculated to sap a man’s vitality to its last drop. Yet, this task completed, Levine throws himself with feverish activity into the composition of verse, and writes, and writes, and writes, until the lamp burns low. Sometimes, when he tires, he pauses to listen to the gentle breathing of his wife, who sleeps in the next room. It acts like a spur upon him; with renewed energy he plunges into his work.  The poem which the readers of the _Jewish Workingman_ like best of all Levine’s writings is “Phantoms.” It ends—roughly translated from the Yiddish—like this:   _And when the deepening gloom of night descends  Upon the perilous path and towering heights,  And wild storm phantoms crowd each rocky pass—  Love sinks exhausted, but grim Toil climbs on!_      A DAUGHTER OF ISRAEL   There was a young man with a Christian heart and blue eyes—eyes that made you look at him again and smile at his earnestness—who went among the lowly Jews of the East Side to convert them to the faith of the Messiah whom they disowned. Those blue eyes fell, one day, upon a head of hair that gleamed like gold, fiery, red hair, silken and carelessly tangled, and shining in the sunlight. Then the head turned and the young man beheld the face of Bertha, daughter of Tamor, the rabbi. And Bertha opened her eyes, which were brown, and gazed curiously at this young man who seemed out of place in the Ghetto, and smiled and turned away.  A year went by and the Jews still disowned the Messiah, but a great change had come over this young man. In the vague future he still hoped to carry out his daring scheme, but now all his heart and all his soul and all his hopes of earthly happiness were centred upon Bertha, daughter of Tamor, the rabbi.  In the beginning she had been amused at him, but his persistence and his earnestness won their reward, as those qualities always will, and when this first year was at an end it came to pass that this Jewish maiden wept, as a loving woman will weep, for sheer joy of being loved; she a rabbi’s daughter, bred in the traditions of a jealous faith, he a Christian lad.  She had kept the secret of her growing love locked in her heart, but now it became a burden too heavy to be borne, and one night—it was shortly before the fast of Yom Kippur—she poured out her confession into her father’s ear. She told it in whispers, hiding her face in her father’s long beard, and with her arms around his neck. When the full meaning of the revelation dawned upon him, the Rabbi Tamor, ashen pale, sprang from his feet and thrust her from him.  “A Christian!” he cried. “My daughter marry a Christian!”  He was an old man—so old and feeble that in a few days the synagogue had planned to retire him and install a younger rabbi in his place. But now fury gave him strength. His whole frame trembled, but his eyes were flashing fire, and he had raised his arm as if he were about to strike his daughter to the floor. But she did not move. Her eyes were raised to his, tearfully but undismayed.  “Do not strike me, father,” she said. “I cannot help it. I love him. I have promised to marry him. Will you not give me your blessing?”  “Blessings?” cried the infuriated old man. “My curses upon you if you take so foul a step! Your mother would rise from her grave if you married a Christian! How dare you tell such a thing to me—to me, who have devoted so many years to bringing you up in the faith to which I have devoted my life? Is there no son of Israel good enough for you? Must you bring this horrible calamity upon me in my old age? Would you have me read you out of the congregation? If it were the last act of my rabbinate—aye, if it were the last act of my life, I would read out aloud, so that all the world would know my shame, the ban of excommunication that the synagogue would impose upon you! Have I brought you up for this?”  But Bertha had swooned, and his rage fell upon ears that did not hear.   The cup of bitterness was full. Rabbi Tamor knew his daughter, knew the full strength of her nature, the steadfastness of her purpose. He had pleaded, expostulated, argued, and threatened, but all in vain. And to add to his misery he saw in all his daughter’s passionate devotion to her lover something that reminded him more and more vividly of the wife whom he had courted and loved and cherished until death took her from him. Many years had gone by, but whenever his memory grew dim, and her features began to grow indistinct, he had only to look at his daughter to see them before him again, in all their youthful beauty. His daughter, the image of his dead wife, to marry a Christian! It was the bitterness of gall!  The Rabbi Tamor’s father and grandfather had been rabbis before him, and in his veins surged the blood of devotion to Israel’s cause. He had been in this country many years, but the roots of his life had been planted in Russia, in a Ghetto where the traditions of thousands of years still survived in daily life, and in spirit he still dwelt there. To him Christianity meant oppression, persecution, torture. His nature was stern and unbending; there could be no compromise, no palliation; the sinner against Israel was like a venomous serpent that must be crushed without argument. And now his duty was clear.  When the officials of the synagogue met, a few days before Yom Kippur, the Rabbi Tamor, pale and trembling, but firm in his determination, laid before them the case of a young woman who had resolved to marry outside her faith. The officials listened, horrorstricken, but turned to him for the verdict. He was a wise man, they knew, learned in Mishna and Thora, and they had become accustomed to abide by his decisions.  “The warning!” he said, in a low voice. “Let us read aloud the warning of the ban!”  The new rabbi, who by courtesy had been invited to the meeting, and who had listened with interest to Rabbi Tamor’s narrative, raised his hand and leaned forward as if he were about to speak. But when he heard the clerk ask for the girl’s name, and heard Rabbi Tamor, in a hoarse, stifling voice, answer, “Bertha Tamor, my—my daughter!” his hand fell and the words died upon his lips. But he frowned and sat for a long time plunged in deep thought.   Upon the Day of Atonement Bertha fasted. She, too, had gone through a bitter struggle. For a nature like hers to abandon the faith of her race meant a racking of every fibre of soul and body. She had not slept for three nights. Her face was pale, and her eyes were encircled with black shadows. But through all her misery, through all the distress that she felt over her father’s grief, she could not subdue the throbbing of exulting joy that pulsed through her veins, nor blot out from her mind the blue eyes of her lover or the ardour of his kisses. But grief and joy only combined to wear out her vitality; she felt despondent, depressed.  The sun began to sink below the housetops. The day’s fasting and prayer were slowly coming to an end. Bertha went to the synagogue, where, all that day, since sunrise, her father had been praying. The news of the proposed reading of the warning had spread, and when Bertha entered the gallery set aside for women in the synagogue, she felt every eye upon her.  The Yom Kippur service is long, and to him who knows the story of Israel, intensely impressive. When it drew near its close the Rabbi Tamor slowly rose, and with trembling hands unfolded a paper. Several times he cleared his throat as if to speak, but each time his voice seemed to fail him. The silence of death had fallen upon the congregation.  “Warning!” he began. He was clutching the arm of the man who stood nearest him to steady himself.  “Warning of the ban of excommunication upon the daughter of——”  “Stop!”  The new rabbi, seated among the congregation, had risen, and was walking rapidly toward the platform. A wave of excitement swept through the hall. Rabbi Tamor’s hand fell to his side. For a moment a look of relief came into his face. His duty was a terrible one, and any interruption was welcome. When the new rabbi reached the platform he began to speak. His voice was low and musical, and after the harsh, strident tones of their old rabbi, fell gratefully upon every ear. He was a young man, of irregular, rather unprepossessing features, and looked more like an energetic sweatshop worker than a learned rabbi. But when he began to speak, and the congregation beheld the light that came into his eyes, every man in that hall felt, instinctively, “Here is a teacher of Israel!”  “It is irregular,” he began, in his soft voice. “I am violating every law and every rule. But this is the Day of Atonement, and I would be untrue to my faith, to my God and to you, my new children, were I to keep silent.”  When Bertha, in her place in the gallery, realised what her father was about to do she had become as pale as a ghost, and had clutched the railing in front of her, and had bitten her lip until the blood came to keep from crying aloud in her anguish. And she had sat there motionless as a statue, seeing nothing but her father’s pale face and the misery in his eyes. When the new rabbi arose and began to speak, she became dazed. The platform, the ark, and all the people below and around her began to swim before her eyes. She felt faint, felt that she was about to become unconscious, when a sudden passionate note that had come into the speaker’s voice acted like a tonic upon her, and then, all at once, she became aware that the vigorous, magnetic personality of the new rabbi had taken possession of the whole synagogue, and after that her eyes never left his face while he was speaking.  “‘The Lord is my strength and song, and He is become my salvation: He is my God, and I will prepare Him a habitation; my father’s God, and I will exalt Him!’  “So sang Moses unto the Lord, and so year after year, century after century, through the long, weary draggingout of the ages, have we, the children of Israel, sung it after him. Our temples have been shattered, our strength has been crushed, all the force, all the skill, all the cunning of man have been used to scatter us, to persecute us, to torture us, to wipe us off the face of the earth. But through it all arose our steadfast song. He was our fathers’ God! We will exalt Him!”  And then the speaker launched upon the story of Israel’s martyrdom. In a voice that vibrated with intense emotion he recited that worldtragedy of Israel’s downfall, her shame, her sufferings throughout the slow centuries. The sorrow of it filled Bertha’s heart. She was following every word, every gesture, as if the recital fascinated her. It is a sad story—there is none other like it in the world. Bertha felt the pain of it all in her own heart. And then he told how, through it all, Israel remained steadfast. How, under the lash, at the point of the knife, in the flames of the stake, Israel remained steadfast. How, in the face of temptation, with the vista of happiness, of wealth, of empire opening before her, if only she would renounce her faith—Israel remained steadfast. And he told of the great ones, the stars of Israel, who had chosen death rather than renounce their faith, who had preferred ignominy, privation, torture before they would prove untrue to their God.  “He is our fathers’ God!” he cried. “Is there a daughter of Israel who will not exalt Him?”  There was a moment of breathless silence. Then arose a piercing cry from the gallery. Bertha had sprung to her feet.  “I will be true!” she cried. “I will be steadfast! He is my fathers’ God and I will exalt Him!”  A commotion arose, and men and women ran forward to seize her by the hand. But she brushed them all aside and walked determinedly toward the new rabbi. She seized his hand and carried it to her lips.  “He is my fathers’ God,” she said. “I will exalt Him!”  And repeating this, again and again, she hurried out of the synagogue. The elders crowded around her father and congratulated him.   It is but a short distance from the heart of the Ghetto to the river, and in times of poverty and suffering there are many who traverse the intervening space. The river flows silently. Occasionally you hear the splash of a wave breaking against the wharf, but the deep, swift current as it sweeps resistlessly out to sea makes no sound.  They brought to Rabbi Tamor, many hours afterward, the shawl which she had left behind her on the wharf. They took him to the spot, and stood near him, lest in his grief he might attempt to throw himself into the water. But he only stood gazing with undimmed eyes at the dark river, babbling incoherently. Once he raised his hand to his ear.  “Hark!” he whispered. “Do you hear?”  They listened, but could hear nothing.  “It is her voice. She is crying, ‘I will exalt Him!’ Do you hear it?”  But they turned their heads from him to hide the tears.      THE MESSAGE OF ARCTURUS   David Adler sat at the open window gazing contemplatively at the sea of stars whose soft radiance filled the heavens. He was lonely. The stars were his friends. Particularly one bright star whose steadfastness, throughout his many night vigils, had arrested his attention. It seemed to twinkle less than the others, seemed more remote and purer. It was Arcturus.  To a lonely person, fretting under the peevish worries of life, the contemplation of the stars brings a feeling of contentment that is often akin to happiness. Beside this glorious panorama, with its background of infinity and eternity, its colossal force, its sublime grandeur, the ills of life seem trivial. And David, who had been lonely all his life, would sit for hours upon each bright night, building castles along the Milky Way and pouring out his soul to the stellar universe—particularly to Arcturus, who had never failed him. Upon this night there was a faint smile of amusement upon his face. He was thinking of the queer mission that Mandelkern, his employer, had asked him to undertake that day.  Mandelkern was old and crabbed and ugly, but very rich, and when that morning he had said to David, “I am thinking of marrying,” David felt an almost uncontrollable desire to laugh. Then, in his wheezy voice, Mandelkern had outlined his plan.  “The Shadchen has arranged it all. She is younger than I—oh, a great many years younger, David—and she does not know me. We have only seen each other once. Of course she is marrying me for my money, but I know that when once we are married she will love me. But the trouble is, David, that I cannot find out for myself, positively, whether she is the kind of girl I want to marry. You see, if I were to go and see her myself, she would be on her good behaviour all the time. They always are. And I would not know, until after we were married, whether she is amiable, dutiful, studious, modest—in short, whether she is just what a girl should be. And then it would be too late. So I want you, like the good David that you are, to see her—don’t you know?—and get acquainted with her—don’t you know?—and er—question her—er—study her—don’t you know?” David had promised to do what he could and they had shaken hands, and the firm, hearty pressure of his employer’s grasp had told him, more than words could convey, how terribly earnest he was in his curiosity.  By the light of the stars David now sat pondering over this droll situation and smiling. And as he gazed at his friend Arcturus it seemed to him, after all, a matter of the smallest moment whether Mandelkern married the right girl or not—or married at all—or whether anybody married—or lived—or died.   On the pretext of a trivial errand David set out to study the personality and character of his employer’s chosen bride. The moment his eyes fell upon her the pretext that he had selected fled from his mind. In sheer bewilderment he stood looking at her. And when her face lit up and she began to laugh merrily, David was ready to turn and run in his embarrassment. He beheld a mere girl. She could not have been more than eighteen or nineteen at the most, and, although her figure was mature, her face and bearing were girlish. And she was exquisitely pretty. At the very first impression it seemed to David that he perceived a cold gleam in her eye that betokened sordidness or meanness, but in a twinkling he perceived that he had been mistaken. A winsome sweetness rested upon her lovely features. It was probably the unconscious memory of Mandelkern that had given that momentary colour to his thoughts. And now, even before he had completed his admiring inventory of her physical charms, she stood laughing at him.  “You look so funny,” she said. “I cannot help laughing.”  Then David began to laugh, and in a moment they were friends. To his delight he found that she was clever, a shrewd observer, an entertaining companion. Many things that she said awakened no response in him. It was not until later that he discovered the reason; she had lived all her young years in the active world, in touch with the struggle, the stir of life; he had lived in dreamland with the stars.  When Mandelkern asked David what impression the girl had made upon him, he found, to his amazement, that he was unable to give a satisfactory reply.  “She is charming, Mr. Mandelkern,” he said. His employer nodded assent, but added:  “I know that, but is she amiable?”  David pondered for a long time. Then he said:  “Of course, Mr. Mandelkern, I have had no more opportunity of judging what her qualities are than you have. I will have to see more of her. But I will go to see her several times, and probably in a week or two weeks I shall be able to give you a clear idea of her character.”  Mandelkern nodded approvingly.  “You are a good David,” he said. “I have confidence in your judgment.”  And the stars that night seemed brighter, particularly his friend Arcturus, who shone with wonderful splendour and filled David’s heart with deep content—and the pulsing joy of living.   When the revelation came to him David felt no shock, experienced no surprise. She had been so constantly in his thoughts, had drifted so quietly into his life, that, when suddenly he realised that she had become a part of his being, it seemed but the natural order of events. It could have been nothing else. He had been born into the world for this. Through all their many talks the name of Mandelkern had never been mentioned. In the beginning the thought of this sweet, girlish nature being doomed to mate itself with grey, bleareyed Mandelkern had haunted him like a nightmare. But in the sunshine of her presence David quickly forgot both his employer and the scheming Shadchen, and when it dawned upon him that he loved her, that she was necessary to him, that it was in the harmonious plan of the universe that they should be united forever, the thought of Mandelkern came only as a reminder of the unpleasant duty of revealing the truth to him.  Not a word of love had he spoken. Upon a basis of close friendship there had sprung up between them a spirit of camaraderie in which sentiment played no part. Now, suddenly, David felt toward her a tenderness that he had never known before—a desire to protect her, to cherish her—he loved her.  It dawned upon Mandelkern that David’s answers to his questions were becoming more and more vague and unsatisfactory. And one night the Shadchen, becoming alarmed at David’s frequent visits to the girl, urged Mandelkern to make haste.  “It makes me uneasy,” he said, “to see you sitting idle while a young man has so many opportunities of courting your promised bride.”  Mandelkern’s watery eyes narrowed to a slit and his teeth closed tightly together. Then he answered firmly:  “Have no fear. She will be mine. The lad is, young.” And after a moment he repeated, “The lad is young!”  Aye, David was young! His pulses throbbed with the vigour of youth, with the joy of hope, with the deep torrent of a heart’s first love. Glorious youth! Thou art the richest heritage of the children of men! Canst thou not tarry? Down the bright beam of Arcturus there came to David a light that illumined his soul. Sitting at his window with gaze upturned to the starry heavens, there came to him the soft, sweet realisation that the secret of the universe was love, that life’s cup of happiness was at his lips, that Arcturus had been but waiting all these millions upon millions of years to see the veil lifted from his eyes, and the bliss of love revealed. Golden youth! Canst thou not tarry?   They were walking along the street as night was falling. They were laughing and chatting gaily, discussing a droll legend of the Talmud that David had recited to her.  “It reminds me,” said David, “of a story about the Rabbi ben Zaccai, who——”  A sudden moan and faint cry made him pause and quickly turn. A woman whom they had just passed was staggering with her hands pressed to her breast. David sprang toward her, but before he could reach her side she had fallen to the sidewalk, and lay there motionless. In an instant he had raised her to her knees, and was chafing her wrists to restore her to consciousness. She recovered quickly, but as soon as David had helped her to her feet she began to cry weakly, and would have fallen again had he not supported her.  “What is the matter?” he asked. “Are you ill?”  The woman’s sobs increased, and David repeated his question. Then, with the tears streaming down her face, she answered:  “I have eaten nothing for three days. I am starving. I cannot beg. I cannot die. Oh, I am so miserable!”  David assisted her to the steps of the tenement in which she lived, and summoned her neighbours. He gave them what little money he had in his pocket, urged them to make haste and bring the poor woman food and stimulants, and, promising to return the next day, rejoined his companion.  “My God!” he said, “wasn’t that terrible!”  “Yes. It was terrible!” she said. There was an expression in her voice that caused him to look at her, quickly, wonderingly. Her face had paled. Her lips were tightly pressed together. She was breathing rapidly. Her whole frame seemed agitated by some suppressed emotion. It was not pity. Her eyes were dry and gleaming. It was not shock or faintness. There was an expression of determination, of emphatic resolve in her features. David felt amazed.  “Look at me!” he said. “Look me full in the face!”  She gave a short, harsh laugh. In her eyes David saw that same gleam of sordid selfishness that he had observed when first he met her. But now it was clear, glittering, unmistakable.  “Of what are you thinking?” he asked, slowly. Her glance never wavered. David felt the beating of his heart grow slower.  “I don’t mind telling you,” she said. She hesitated for a moment, gave another short laugh, and then went on:  “I was thinking that that poor woman would not have starved if she had married Mandelkern. I was also thinking that I am going to marry Mandelkern. I was also thinking how terrible it would be if I did not marry Mandelkern, and would, some day, have starvation to fear—like that woman.”  Having unburdened her mind, she seemed relieved, and, in a moment became her old self. With a playful gesture she seized David’s arm and shook him.  “Come, sleepyhead, wake up!” she cried gaily. “Don’t stand there staring at me as though I were a ghost. What were you saying about the Rabbi ben Zaccai?”   David Adler sat at the open window gazing at the swarming stars, whose radiance had begun to pale. The dawn of day was at hand. Even now a faint glow of light suffused the eastern sky. But David saw it not. His eyes were fastened upon Arcturus, whose brightness was yet undimmed, whose lustre transcended the brightness of the myriads of stars that crowded around. Travelling through the immeasurable realms of space, straight to his heart, streamed that bright ray, the messenger of Arcturus, cold, relentless—without hope.      QUEER SCHARENSTEIN   “Scharenstein?” they would say. “Oh, Scharenstein is queer! He is goodhearted, poor fellow, but——”  Then they would tap their foreheads significantly and shake their heads. He had come from a hamlet in Bessarabia—a hamlet so small that you would not find it on any map, even if you could pronounce the name. The whole population of the hamlet did not exceed three hundred souls, of whom all but three or four families were Christians. And these Christians had risen, one day, and had fallen upon the Jews. Scharenstein’s wife was stabbed through the heart, and his son, his browneyed little boy, was burned with the house. Upon Scharenstein’s breast, as a reminder of an old historical episode, they hacked a crude sign of a cross; then they let him go, and Scharenstein in some way—no one ever knew how—found his way to this country. When the ship came into the harbour he asked a sailor what that majestic figure was that held aloft the shining light whose rays lit up the wide stretch of the bay. They told him it was the statue of Liberty Enlightening the World.  “It is good,” he said.  He found work in a sweatshop. An immigrant from a neighbouring hamlet came over later and told the story, but when they came to Scharenstein with sympathy he only laughed.  “He is queer,” they said.  In all that shop none other worked as diligently as Scharenstein. He was the first to arrive, and the last to leave, and through all the day he worked cheerfully, almost merrily, often humming old airs that his fellowworkers had not heard for many years. And a man who worked harder than his fellows in a sweatshop must surely have been queer, for in those days the sweatshop was a place where the bodies and souls of men and women writhed through hour after hour of torment and misery, until, in sheer exhaustion, they became numb. Scharenstein went through all this with a smile on his lips, and even on the hottest day, when there came a few moments’ respite, he would keep treading away at his machine and sing while the others were gasping for breath. And at night, when the work was done, and the weary toilers dragged themselves home and flung themselves upon their dreary beds, Scharenstein would trudge all the way down to the Battery and stand for hours gazing at the statue of Liberty Enlightening the World. And as he gazed, the tense lines of his face would relax, and a bright light would come into his eyes, perhaps a tear would trickle down his cheek. Then, after holding out both arms in a yearning farewell, he would turn and walk slowly homeward.  There was one day—it was in summer, when the thermometer stood at ninetyfive in the shade—that the burden of life seemed too heavy to be borne. The air of the sweatshop was damp from the wet cloth, and hot from the big stove upon which the irons were heating. The machines were roaring and clicking in a deafening din, above which, every now and then, rose a loud hissing sound as a redhot goose was plunged into a tub of water. The dampness and heat seemed to permeate everything; the machines were hot to the touch. Men sat stripped to their undershirts, the perspiration pouring from them. The sweater sat as far from the stove as he could get, figuring his accounts and frowning. The cost of labour was too high. Suddenly Marna, the pale, fat old woman who sat at a machine close by the ironers, spat upon the floor and cried:  “A curse on a world like this!”  Some looked up in surprise, for Marna rarely spoke, but the most of them went on without heeding her until they heard the voice of Scharenstein with an intonation that was new to them.  “Right, Marna,” he said. “A terrible world. A terrible world it is. Ho! ho! ho!”  They all looked at him. He was smiling, and turning around to look from face to face. Then, still smiling and speaking slowly and hesitatingly, as if he found it hard to select the right word, he went on:  “An awful world. They come and take the woman—hold her down under their knees—hold her throat tight in their fingers—like I hold this cloth—tight—and stick a dagger into her heart. And they set fire to the house—to the big house—all the smoke comes out of the windows—and flames—bigger and hotter than in the stove there—oh, terrible flames!—and the little boy’s face comes to the window—and they all laugh. Ho! ho! ho! Then the whole house falls in—and the little boy’s face disappears—and oh, how high the flames go up!”  He looked around him, smiling. A chill struck the heart of every one of his hearers. He shook his head slowly and said to Marna:  “Right, Marna! It is a terrible world.”  The sweater was busy with his accounts and had not heard. But the sudden cessation of work made him look up, and hearing Scharenstein address the woman, and seeing others looking at her, he turned upon Marna.  “Confound it! Is this a time to be idling? Stop your chattering and back to work. We must finish everything before——”  There was something harsh and grating in his voice that seemed to electrify Scharenstein. Dropping his work, he sprang between the sweater and Marna and held out his arms beseechingly.  “Oh, spare her! For God’s sake spare her! She is an innocent woman! She has done you no harm!”  And as he stood with outstretched arms, his shirt fell open, and every eye saw plainly upon his breast the red sign of a crude cross. The sweater fell back in amazement. Then a sudden light dawned upon him, and, in an altered tone, he said: “Very well. I will do her no harm. Sit down, my friend. You need not work today if you are not feeling well. I will get someone to take your place, and—and—” (it required a heroic effort) “you will not lose the day’s pay. You had better go home.”  Scharenstein smiled and thanked the sweater. Then he started down the stairs. Marna followed him, and with her arm around him helped him down the steps.  “My little boy is playing in the street,” she said. “Why don’t you take him for a walk to the park where you took him before? It will do you good, and he will be company for you.”  Scharenstein’s face lit up with pleasure. Marna’s little boy had frequently accompanied him on his walks to the Battery, and to see the little fellow romping about and hear him screaming with delight at the harbour sights had filled Scharenstein’s heart with exquisite pleasure. He now sought the boy. He found him playing with his companions, all of them running like mad through all that fierce heat.  “Boy!” cried Scharenstein. “Look!” The boy turned and saw Scharenstein standing erect with one arm held straight over his head, the other clasped against his breast as though he were hugging something—the attitude of the statue of Liberty Enlightening the World. With a shout of delight he ran toward his friend, crying, “Take me with you!” And hand in hand they walked down to the seawall.  The boy watched the ships. Scharenstein, seated in the shade of a tree, feasted his eyes upon that graceful bronze figure that stood so lonely, so pensive, yet held aloft so joyfully its hopeful emblem.  He sat like one entranced, and now and then his lips would move as though he were struggling to utter some of the vague thoughts that were floating in his brain. His face, however, was serene, and his whole frame was relaxed in a delightful, restful abandon.  The boy played and ran about, and asked Scharenstein for pennies to buy fruit, and slowly the hours slipped by. As the sun sank, and the coolness of night succeeded the painful heat of the afternoon, Scharenstein moved from his seat and stood as close to the water’s edge as he could. Then it grew dark, and the boy came and leaned wearily against him.  “I am tired,” he said. “Let us go home now.”  Scharenstein took the little fellow in his arms and perched him upon one of the stone posts.  “Soon, boy,” he said. “Soon we will go. But let us wait to see the statue light her torch.”  They gazed out into the gathering darkness. Scharenstein’s hand caressed the boy’s curly hair; the little head rested peacefully against his breast,—against the livid cross that throbbed under his shirt,—and the pressure stirred tumultuous memories within him.  “You are a fine boy,” he said. “But you are not my boy.”  “I’m mamma’s boy,” murmured the lad, drowsily.  “Yes. Very true. Very true. You are mamma’s boy. But I have a little boy, and—dear me!—I forgot all about him.”  “Where is he?” asked the boy.  “Out there,” answered Scharenstein, pointing to the dim outlines of the statue of Liberty Enlightening the World. “She is keeping him for me! But listen!” He lowered his voice to a whisper. “When I see him again I will ask him to come and play with you. He often used to play with me. He can run and sing, and he plays just like a sweet little angel. Oh, look!”  The bright electric light flashed from the statue’s torch, lighting up the vast harbour with all its shipping, lighting up the little head that rested against Scharenstein’s breast, and lighting up Scharenstein’s face, now drawn and twitching convulsively.  “Do you see him?” he whispered hoarsely. “Boy! Do you see my little boy out there? He has big brown eyes. Do you see him? He is my only boy. He wants me. He is calling me. Wait here, boy. I will go out and bring him to you. He will play with you. He loves to play.”  Gently he lowered his little companion from the post and carried him to a bench.  “Wait here, boy,” he said. “I will soon be back.”  In sleepy wonderment the little fellow watched Scharenstein take off his hat and coat and climb over the chain. The moment he disappeared from view the little fellow became thoroughly awake and ran forward to the seawall. Scharenstein was swimming clumsily, fiercely out into the bay.  “Come back!” cried the boy. “Come back!”  He heard Scharenstein’s voice faintly, “I am coming.” Then again, more faintly still, “I am coming.” Then all became silent except the lapping of the waves against the seawall, and the boy began to cry.  It was fully an hour before the alarm was given and a boat lowered, but of Scharenstein they found no trace. The harbour waters are swift, and the currents sweep twistingly in many directions. The harbour clings tenaciously to its dead—gives them up only with reluctance and after many days. And the statue of Liberty Enlightening the World looks down upon the search and holds out hope. But it gives no help.      THE COMPACT   The paper lies before me as I write. The bitterness has all passed. As a matter of fact it was Sorkin who told it to me as a good story. The paper read thus:   “_Agreement between Ignatz Sorkin and Nathan Bykowsky, made in  Wilna, Russia, December 1861: Sorkin goes to Germany and  Bykowsky goes to America, in New York. In twenty years all the  money they have is put together and each takes half because the  lucky one loves his old friend. We swear it on the Torah._   “_Ignatz Sorkin._  “_Nathan Bykowsky._”  It is Sorkin’s story:  “The twenty years went by and I came to New York. My heart was heavy. I had not heard from Bykowsky for five years. Why had he not written? If he was poor, surely he must have heard that I was rich, and that half of all I had belonged to him. And if he was rich, did he mean to break the agreement? In either case it was bad for me. If it had not been for that last clause—‘we swear it on the Torah’! I cannot say. Perhaps I would not have come. For things had gone well with me in Germany. I owned twelve thousand dollars. And I might have forgotten the agreement. But I had sworn it on the Torah! I could not forget it.  “Still, what was the use of taking too many chances? I brought only three thousand dollars with me. The rest I left in government bonds on the other side. If Bykowsky was a poor man he should have half of three thousand dollars. Surely that was enough for a poor man. I had not sworn on the Torah to remember the nine thousand dollars.  “So I came here. I looked for Bykowsky, but could not find him. He had worked as a tailor, and I went from one shop to another asking everybody, ‘Do you know my old friend Bykowsky?’ At last I found a man who kept a tailor shop. He was a fine man. He had a big diamond in his shirt. Bykowsky? Yes, he remembered Bykowsky. Bykowsky used to work for him. And where was he now? He did not know. But when Bykowsky left his shop he went to open one for himself and became a boss. A boss? What was a boss? ‘I am a boss,’ the man said. Then I took a good look at his diamond. ‘Maybe,’ I thought, ‘if Bykowsky is a boss, he too has a diamond like that.’ So I went out to look for Bykowsky the boss.  “Then I thought to myself, ‘Why shall I be stingy? I will tell Bykowsky that I have five thousand dollars and I will give him half. He was a good friend of mine. I will be liberal.’ So I looked and looked everywhere, but nobody seemed to remember Bykowsky the boss. At last I met a policeman. He knew Bykowsky. He did not know where he lived, but he knew him when he was a tailor boss. ‘Is he not a tailor boss any more?’ I asked him. ‘Oh, no,’ he said. ‘He sold his tailor shop and opened a saloon.’ ‘Is that a better business than a tailor shop?’ I asked him. The policeman laughed at me and said, ‘Sure. A good saloon is better than a dozen tailor shops.’  “H’m! I was very sorry that he did not know where Bykowsky kept his saloon. I made up my mind that I would go to every saloon in the city until I found him. And when I found him I would say, ‘Bykowsky, I have come to keep the agreement. I have saved seven thousand dollars. Half is yours.’ Because I liked Bykowsky. We were the very best of friends.  “I went from saloon to saloon. I am not a drinking man. But as I did not like to ask so many questions for nothing I bought a cigar in every place. Soon I had all my pockets full of cigars. I do not smoke. I kept the cigars for Bykowsky. He is a great smoker. Then I met a man who had once been in Bykowsky’s saloon. He told me what a place it was. Such lookingglasses! Such fancy things! And he was making so much money that he had to hire a man to do nothing but sit at a desk all day and put the money in a drawer. So I says to myself, ‘Ah, ha! Dear friend Bykowsky, you are playing a joke on your dear old friend Sorkin. You want to wait until he comes and then fill him with joy by giving him half of that fine saloon business!’ So I asked the man where that saloon was. ‘Oh,’ he said, ‘that was several years ago. Bykowsky made so much money that he gave up the saloon and went into the realestate business.’  “H’m! I began to understand it. Bykowsky had been making money so fast that he never had time to write to me. But never mind. I would go to him. I would grasp him by the hand and I would say, ‘Dearest friend of my boyhood, I have come to you with ten thousand dollars that I have saved. Half is yours. My only hope is that you are poor, so that I can have the pleasure of sharing with you all my wealth.’ Then he will be overcome and he will get red in the face, and he will tell me that he has got many hundreds of thousands of dollars to share with me. Ah, yes!  “There are not so many people in the realestate business as in the saloon business. And soon I found a man who knew all about my friend Bykowsky. ‘The last I heard of him,’ he said, ‘he went out of the realestate business. He took all his money and bought a fine row of houses. And he said he was not going to work any more.’  “That was just like dear old Bykowsky. He was a regular aristocrat. As long as he had enough money to live on he did not care to work. But he would be glad to see his dear old friend. I would pretend that I did not know how rich he was. I would be open and honest with him. I would keep the letter and the spirit of the agreement. I would not keep back a single cent. ‘Bykowsky,’ I would say, ‘dear, good, old Bykowsky. Here I am. I have three thousand dollars in my pocket. I have nine thousand dollars in good government bonds in Germany. I also have a fine gold watch, and a gold chain and a ring, but the ring is not solid gold. Half of what I have is yours.’ And we will fall on each other’s shoulders and be, oh, so glad!  “I found Bykowsky. He was not at home where he lived. But I found him in a café. He was playing pinochle with the proprietor. I took a good long look at him. He did not know me, but I recognised him right away. I went over and held out my hand. ‘It is my old friend Bykowsky!’ I said. He looked at me and got very red in the face. ‘Ah, ha!’ I said to myself. ‘I have guessed right.’ Then he cried, ‘Sorkin!’ and we threw our arms around each other. ‘Bykowsky,’ I said, ‘I have come many thousand miles to keep our boyhood agreement. Maybe you and I might have forgotten it, but we swore on the Torah, and I know that you could not forget it any more than I could. I have three thousand dollars in my pocket. I have nine thousand dollars in good government bonds in Germany. I have a fine gold watch and a gold chain and a ring, but the ring is not solid gold. Half of what I have is yours. I hope—oh, Bykowsky, I am so selfish—I hope that you are poor so that I can have the pleasure of dividing with you.’ Then Bykowsky said, ‘Let me see the ring!’  “I showed him the ring, and he shook his head very sadly. ‘You are right, Sorkin,’ he said. ‘It is not solid gold.’  “‘Well, dear friend,’ I said, ‘how has the world gone with you?’  “‘Very badly,’ he said. ‘Let me see the watch and the chain.’  “Something told me he was joking. So I said, ‘Please keep the watch and chain as a token of our old friendship. We will not count it in the division. But I am sorry to hear that things have gone badly with you. Why did you not’ (this was only a sly hint) ‘go into the realestate business? I hear so many people are getting rich that way.’  “Then he sighed—and I felt that something was wrong.  “‘Dear friend Sorkin,’ he said. ‘Dearest comrade of my boyhood days, I have a sad story to tell you. A year ago I owned a fine row of houses. I had nearly two hundred thousand dollars. I was looking forward to the time when I would write to you, dear, kind old friend, and ask you to come over to share with me all my wealth. But alas! The wheel of fortune turned! I began to speculate. It is a long, sad story. Two months ago I sold the last of my houses. Today I have three hundred dollars left. Dear, sweet Sorkin, you come as a Godsend from heaven. My luck has turned!’”   Here there was a long pause in Sorkin’s story. Then he said:  “My son, even to this day when I think of that moment, I feel the sensation of choking.”  “But did you keep the compact?”  And, in a flash, I regretted the question.  “I had sworn on the Torah,” Sorkin replied.   The firm of SorkinBykowsky has recently changed its name to Sorkin, BykowskyCo. The Co. is young Ignatz Sorkin Bykowsky. There is also a young Nathan Bykowsky Sorkin. But he is still at school.      A SONG OF SONGS   I know a story that runs almost like a song—like that old song, “Behold, thou art fair, my love; behold, thou art fair!”  In the heart of the Jewish quarter stood an old Catholic church, relic of those bygone days ere the oppressed Jews of Russia and Austria had learned that this land was a haven of refuge, and had come to settle in this neighbourhood by the hundreds of thousands. Close by this church lived the Rabbi Sarna, one of the earliest of the immigrants—an honest, wholesouled man who knew the Talmud and the Kabbala by heart, and who had a daughter. Her name was Hannah—and there the story and the song began.  It began in the days when Hannah was a young girl, who would sit for hours on her father’s doorstep with a schoolbook in her lap, and when Richard Shea was altar boy in the Catholic church close by, and would spend most of his time on the doorstep beside Hannah. And they lived a life of dreams, those happy dreams that abound in the realm of childhood, where no thought is darkened by the grim monsters of reality, the sordid facts of life.  In those days Richard’s tasks in the service of the Holy Roman Church possessed but little significance for him. It was his duty to swing the censer, to light the candles, and to carry the Book at Mass, and when the task was done Richard’s only thought was of Hannah, who was sitting on her father’s doorstep waiting for him. Father Brady, the rector of the Catholic church, who was Richard’s guardian—for the lad was an orphan, and had been left entirely in the priest’s care—was very exacting in all affairs that pertained to his parish, and insisted that Richard should perform his duties carefully and conscientiously. But when the service was over his vigilance relaxed, and, so long as there was no complaint from the neighbours, the lad might do as he pleased. And it was Richard’s greatest pleasure to be with Hannah.  They would sit for hours in the long summer nights, hand in hand, building those wonderful fabrics of childish imagination, looking forward hopefully, enthusiastically, to a future whose basis, whose essence was an eternal companionship of their two souls. There came a night—perhaps it was because the stars were brighter than usual, perhaps because the night was balmy, or perhaps because the spirit of spring was in the air—at any rate, that fatal night came when, in some unaccountable manner, their lips came together, came closely, tightly together, in a long, lingering kiss, and the next moment they found themselves flooded in a stream of light. Hastily, guiltily they looked up. The door had been opened, and the Rabbi Sarna was looking down upon them.  Hannah’s father kissed her that night as usual, and she went to bed without hearing a word of reproach or of paternal advice. Whether he had gained his wisdom from the Kabbala or the Talmud I do not know, but the Rabbi Sarna was a wise man. He took a night to think the matter over. Perhaps he felt that the bringingup of a motherless daughter was no trivial matter, and that there were times when, being a man, his instinct was sure to be wrong, and that only the most careful consideration and deliberate thought could guide him into the right path. For a whole day he said nothing.  The following evening, however, when the grace after meal had been said, and “Hear, O Israel!” had been recited, he laid his hand fondly upon his daughter’s head and spoke to her, kindly.  “Remember, Hannah,” he said, “the lad is not one of our people. He is a good lad, and I like him, but you are a daughter of Israel. You come of a race, Hannah, that has been persecuted for thousands of years by his people. If your mother were alive, she would forbid you ever to see him again. But I do not feel that I ought to be so harsh. I only ask you, my daughter, to remember that you are of a race that was chosen by Jehovah, and that he comes from a race that has made us suffer misery for many ages.”  Hannah went to bed and cried, and rebelled at the injustice of an arrangement that seemed to her all wrong and distorted. Why were not the Jewish lads that she knew as tall and straight as her Richard? And why had they not blue eyes like his? And curly, golden hair? And that strength? And she cried herself to sleep.  In some unaccountable manner—it may have been that the rabbi told the butcher and the butcher told the baker—the matter reached the ears of Richard’s guardian, who promptly took the lad to task for it.  “Remember, Richard,” he said, “she is a Jewess. You need not look so fierce. I know that she is a nice little girl, but, after all, her father is a Jew, and her mother was a Jewess. They have always been the enemy of our religion. You know enough of history to know what suffering they have caused. I have not the slightest objection to your seeing her and talking to her, but things seem to have gone a little too far. You must remember that you cannot marry her. So what is the use of wasting your time?”  And, of course, Richard went to bed very glum and disheartened. For a long time he did not see Hannah, and when, after several weeks, they came face to face again, each bowed, somewhat stiffly, and promptly felt that the bottom had dropped out of life.  So the years passed, and the dreams of childhood passed, and many changes came. Hannah grew to be a young woman, and her beauty increased. Her eyes were dark and big, her cheeks were of the olive tint that predominates in her race, but enlivened by a rosy tinge; she grew tall and very dignified in her carriage—and Richard, each time he saw her, was reminded of the canticle, “Behold, thou art fair, my love; behold, thou art fair!”  He, too, had grown older, had grown taller and manlier; the boldness and audacity that had captivated the fancy of the Jewish lass had developed into manly strength and forceful personality; but his heart had not freed itself from that early attachment. While the service lasted, and the odour of incense rose to his nostrils, and the pomp and ceremony of his religion thrilled his whole being, Hannah was only a memory, a dim recollection of a lifelong past. But when, from time to time, he met her and saw the look of joy that lit up her eyes, Hannah became a vivid, stirring, allabsorbing reality. And Richard was troubled.  Father Brady sent Richard to the seminary to prepare for the priesthood. For two winters Richard pursued his theological studies, pursued them with zeal, and devoted himself heart and soul to the career his fond guardian had selected for him. And for two summers, during which he helped his guardian in the parish work, the young man struggled and fought and battled manfully with the problem of Hannah. They had spoken but little to each other. The dream of childhood had passed, and they had grown to realise the enormity of the barrier that rose between them—a barrier of races, of empires, of ages—a monstrous barrier before whose leviathan proportions they were but insignificant atoms. And yet——  It came like one of those levantine storms, when one moment the sky is blue and the air is still, and the next moment the floodgates of heaven are open, and the air is black with tempest. The Rabbi Sarna came rushing to the house of Father Brady. They had known each other for years, and a certain intimacy, based upon mutual respect for each other’s learning and integrity, had grown up between them. And the rabbi poured forth his tale of woe.  “I begged, I implored her,” he ran on, “to tell me the cause of her stubbornness. The finest young men you ever saw, one after another, handsome, strong, welltodo, have asked her, and have come to me to intercede for them. And at last I went to her and begged her, beseeched her to tell me why she persisted in refusing them all. I am an old man. I cannot live many years longer. The dearest wish of my heart is to see her happily married and settled in life. And she persists in driving every suitor from the house. And what do you think she told me?”  A horrible suspicion came into the priest’s head, but all he said was, “I cannot guess.” The rabbi was gasping with excitement.  “She loves that Richard of yours. If she cannot marry him she will not marry anyone else. I told her she was crazy. Her only fear was that I would tell you—or him. She does not even realise the enormity of it! The girl is out of her head!”  The priest held out his hand.  “I thank you,” he said, “for warning me in time. It was an act of kindness. I will see that an end is put to the matter at once. At least, so far as Richard is concerned. If he is to blame for that feeling on your daughter’s part I will see that he does whatever is necessary to remedy the harm he has done. His course in life has been laid out. He will be a priest. I am very thankful to you for coming to me.”  The rabbi was greatly troubled. “I do not know what to do,” he said. “I am all in a whirl. I felt that it was only right that you should know. But I cannot imagine what can be done.”  “Leave it to me,” said Father Brady. As soon as the rabbi had departed he sent for Richard.  “What is this I hear about that Jewish girl?” he demanded, sternly. Richard turned pale.  “What!” cried the priest. “Is it possible that you are to blame?”  “To blame?” asked Richard. “I? For what?”  “Only this minute,” the priest went on, “her father was here with a story that it made my blood boil to hear. The girl has rejected all her suitors, and tells her father that she will marry no one but you or——”  With a loud cry Richard sprang toward the door. There was a chair in the way, but it went spinning across the room.  “Richard!” roared his guardian. “What is all this?”  But Richard, bareheaded and coatless, was tearing down the stairs, three, four, five at a time, and the next moment there was a crash that made the house tremble to its foundation. Richard had gone out, and had shut the door behind him. The rabbi, homeward bound, was nearing his door when a young whirlwind, hatless and coatless, rushed by him. The rabbi stood still, amazed. His amazement grew when he beheld this tornado whirl up the steps of his house and throw itself violently against the door. As he ran forward to see what was happening the door opened and Hannah stood on the threshold, the light behind her streaming upon her shining hair. And, the next instant, all the wisdom that he had learned from the Talmud and the Kabbala deserted him. In after years he confessed that at that moment he felt like a fool. For the tempestuous Richard had seized Hannah in his arms and was kissing her cheeks and her lips and her eyes, and pouring out a perfect torrent of endearing phrases. And Hannah’s arms were tightly wound around his neck, and she was crying as though she feared that all the elements were about to try to drag the young man from her. A glint of reason returned to the rabbi.  “Hold!” he cried. “Foolish children! Stand apart! Listen to me!”  They turned and looked at him. The Rabbi Sarna looked into the eyes of Richard. But what he saw there troubled him. He could not bear the young man’s gaze. Almost in despair he turned to his daughter. “Hannah,” he began. Then he looked into her eyes, and his gaze fell. He sighed and walked past them into the house. In an instant he was forgotten.  “Oh, thou art fair, my love!” cried Richard. “Thou art fair!”   When “the traveller from New Zealand” stands upon the last remaining arch of London Bridge and gazes upon the ruins of St. Paul’s, the Catholic Church will still flourish. And when the nations of the earth have died and their names have become mere memories, as men today remember the Phœnicians and the Romans, then will there still rise to heaven that daily prayer, “Hear, O Israel!” And in the chronicles of neither of these religions will there ever be found mention of either Richard Shea or his wife Hannah. But, if that story be true of the Great Book in which the lives of all men are written down, and the motives of all their deeds recorded in black and white, then surely there is a page upon which these names appear. And perhaps, occasionally, an angel peeps at it and brushes away a tear and smiles.      A WEDDING IN DURESS   In the days when the Ashkenazim and the Sephardim were divided by walls of sentiment and pride, as difficult to surmount as the walls that separated patrician from plebeian in ancient Rome, an Ashkenazi youth married a Sephardi maiden. It happened some four hundred or five hundred years ago. Youth and maiden are dust, their romance is forgotten, and we owe them an apology for disturbing their memory. Let us only add that the youth’s name was Zalman. May Mr. and Mrs. Zalman rest in peace!   Zalman, the tailor, lived in Essex Street on the same floor with the Rabbi Elsberg. Zalman possessed two treasures, each a rarity of exquisite beauty, each vying with the other for supremacy in his affections. The one was a wine glass of Venetian make, wonderful in its myriadhued colouring, its fragile texture, and its rare design. The mate of it rests in one of the famous museums of Italy, and the connoisseurs came from far and near to feast their eyes upon Zalman’s piece. Money, in sums that would have made Zalman a rich man in that neighbourhood, had been offered to him for this treasure, but he always shook his head.  “It has been in my family for hundreds of years,” he would say, “and I cannot part with it. Years ago—many, many years ago—our family was wealthy, but now I have nothing left save this one wine glass. I would rather die than lose it.”  His visitors would depart with feelings of mingled wonder and rage; wonder that so priceless a gem should be in the possession of a decrepit, untidy, povertystricken East Side tailor; and rage that he should be so stubborn as to cling to it in spite of the most alluring offers that were made to him. Zalman’s other treasure was his daughter Barbara, whose name, like the wine glass, had descended from some longforgotten Spanish or Italian ancestress. All the lavish praise that the most enthusiastic lover of things beautiful had ever lavished upon that wonderful wine glass would have applied with equal truth to Barbara. Excepting that Barbara was distinctly modern.  Reuben sat in the Rabbi Elsberg’s sittingroom, frowning and unhappy; the rabbi, puffing reflectively at a long pipe, gazing at him in silence. Through the walls they could hear Barbara singing. Barbara always sang when she was merry, and Barbara was merry, as a rule, from the moment she left her bed until she returned to it. The rabbi took a longer puff than usual, and then asked Reuben:  “What said her father?”  Reuben gulped several times as if the words that crowded to his lips for utterance were choking him.  “It is well for him that he is her father,” he finally said. “I would not have listened to so much abuse from any other living man.” (Reuben, by the way, had a most determinedlooking chin, and there was something very earnest in the cut of his features.)  “He gave me to understand,” he went on, “that he knew perfectly well it was his wine glass I was after, and not his daughter. That I was counting on his dying soon, and already looked forward to selling that precious glass to spend the money in riotous living. And when I told him that Barbara and I loved each other, he said ‘Bosh!’ and forbade me to speak of it again.”  The rabbi puffed in silence for a moment.  “He evidently has not a flattering opinion of you, my young friend.”  “He knows nothing against me!” Reuben hurriedly exclaimed. “It is only because I want Barbara. He would say the same to anyone else that asked for his daughter. You know me, rabbi; you have known me a long time, ever since I was a child. I do not pretend to be an angel, but I am not bad. I love the girl, and I can take good care of her. I don’t want to see his old wine glass again. I’d smash it into a——”  Reuben’s jaw fell, and his eyes stared vacantly at the wall. The rabbi followed his gaze, and, seeing nothing, turned to Reuben in surprise.  “What is it?” he asked.  “Nothing,” replied Reuben, with a sheepish grin. “I—I just happened to think of something.”  The rabbi frowned. “If you are often taken with such queer ideas that make you look so idiotic, I don’t think I can blame Zalman so very much.” But Reuben’s contrite expression immediately caused him to regret his momentary annoyance, and holding out his hand, he said, affectionately:  “Come, Reuben, I will do what I can for you. You are a good boy, and if you and the girl love each other I will see if there is not some way of overcoming her father’s objections.”  Taking Reuben by the arm he led him into Zalman’s shop. Zalman was not alone. A little shrivelled old man, evidently a connoisseur of _objets d’art_, was holding the wonderful wine glass to the light, gloating over the bewildering play of colours that flashed from it, while Zalman anxiously hovered about him, eager to receive the glass in his own hands again, yet proudly calling the old man’s attention to its hidden beauties.  Barbara stood in the doorway that led to the livingrooms in the rear. When she saw Reuben she blushed and smiled.  Zalman looked up and saw the rabbi and smiled; saw who was with him and frowned.  “I just dropped in to have a little chat,” said the rabbi, “but there is no hurry. I will wait until you are disengaged.”  The connoisseur carefully set the glass upon the counter, and heaved a long, painful sigh.  “And no price will tempt you to part with it?” he asked. Zalman shook his head and grinned. What followed happened with exceeding swiftness.  Zalman had got as far as, “It has been in our family for hundreds of years——” when a shadow caused him to turn his head. He saw Barbara throw up her hands in amazement, saw the rabbi start forward as though he were about to interfere in something, and saw the precious wine glass in Reuben’s hand. Mechanically he reached forward to take it from him, and then instantly felt Reuben’s other hand against his breast, holding him back, and heard Reuben saying, quite naturally, “Wait!”  It had not taken ten seconds—Zalman suddenly felt sick.  The connoisseur hastily put on his glasses. The situation seemed interesting.  “Mr. Zalman,” said Reuben, speaking very slowly and distinctly, yet carefully keeping the tailor at arm’s length, “I told you this very day that your daughter Barbara and I love each other. We will not marry without your consent. So you must consent. If I cannot marry Barbara I do not care what happens to me. I will have nothing to live for. I can give her a good home, and we will be very happy. You can come to live with us, if you like, and I will always be a good son to you. I swear by the Torah that this glass is nothing to me. I want Barbara because I love her, and you can throw this glass into the river for all I care. But if you do not give your consent I also swear by the Torah that I shall fling this glass to the floor and smash it into a thousand pieces.”  Zalman, who had been clutching Reuben’s outstretched arm throughout this speech, and had followed every word with staring eyes and open mouth, dropped his arms and groaned. Barbara had listened in amazement to Reuben’s first words, but when his meaning dawned upon her she had clapped her kerchief to her mouth and fled precipitately through the doorway whence now came faint sounds which, owing to the distance, might have been either loud weeping or violent laughter. The rabbi’s face had reddened with indignation. The connoisseur alone was smiling.  “Reuben,” said the rabbi sternly, “you have gone too far. Put the glass down!” He advanced toward the young man.  “Hold!” cried Reuben. “If anyone in this room touches me or attempts to take this glass from me, I shall quickly hurl it to the floor. Look, everybody!” He held the glass aloft. “See how fragile it is! I have only to hold it a little tighter and it will break into a dozen pieces, and no human skill will ever be able to put them together again!”  Zalman was in agony.  “I yield,” he cried. “Give me the glass. You shall marry Barbara tomorrow. Do not hold it so tightly. Put it down gently.”  He held out his hand. His lips were twitching with repressed curses on Reuben’s head. But Reuben only smiled.  “No, good father,” he said. “Not tomorrow. You might change your mind. Let it be now, and your glass is safe.”  (“What a pertinacious young man!” thought the connoisseur.)  “May the fiends devour you!” cried Zalman.  “Now look you,” said Reuben, twirling the delicate glass in a careless way that sent chill shudders down the tailor’s spine; “it is you who are stubborn. Not I. If you knew how devotedly I loved Barbara you would not, you could not be so heartless as to keep us apart.”  “The foul fiends!” muttered Zalman. Beads of perspiration stood out upon his forehead; he was very pale.  “You were young yourself once,” Reuben went on. “For the sake of your own youth, cast aside your stubbornness and give us your consent. Barbara! Barbara! Where are you?”  The young woman, blushing like a rose, came out and stood beside him with lowered head and downcast eyes.  “You see,” said Reuben, gently encircling her waist, “we love each other.”  “The foul fiends!” muttered Zalman.  “Help me, Barbara! Help me to plead with your father,” urged Reuben. But Barbara, abashed, could not find courage to raise her voice. Besides, she kept her kerchief pressed tightly against her lips.  “Would you make your own daughter unhappy for the rest of her life?” Reuben went on. (At every sentence Zalman murmured as far as “The foul fiends!” then stopped.) “Everything is ready save your consent. The good Rabbi Elsberg is here. He can marry us on the spot. We can dispense with the betrothal. Our hearts have been betrothed for more than a year. I want no dowry. I only want Barbara. Can you be so cruel as to keep us apart?”  The glass slipped from his fingers as if by accident, but deftly his hand swooped below it and caught it, unharmed. The tailor almost swooned.  “Take her!” he cried, hoarsely. “In the foul fiend’s name take her! And give me the glass!” He held out his trembling hands. With a joyful cry Reuben pressed the girl tightly against his heart, and was about to kiss her when the rabbi’s voice rang out:  “This is outrageous! I refuse to have anything to do with marrying them!”  Reuben turned pale. To be so near victory, and now to lose everything through the desertion of his old friend, was an unexpected, disheartening blow. The tailor’s face brightened. Barbara, who had looked up quickly when the rabbi spoke, began to cry softly.  “I have consented,” said Zalman. “That was what you asked, was it not? Now give me back my wine glass. I can do no more.”  A faint smile had come into his face. It must have been his evil guardian who prompted that smile, for it gave Reuben heart.  “If the rabbi will not marry us immediately,” said Reuben, “then I have lost everything, and have nothing more to live for.” With the utmost deliberation he raised an enormous iron that lay upon the counter, placed the glass carefully upon the floor, and held the iron directly over it.  “I shall crush the glass into a million tiny bits beneath this ponderous weight!”  “Hold!” screamed the tailor. “He shall marry you! Please, oh, please! Marry them, rabbi! For my sake, marry them! I beg it of you! I cannot bear to see my precious glass under that horrible weight! Don’t let it fall! For God’s sake, hold it tight! Oh, rabbi, marry them, marry them, marry them! Let me have my glass!”  The rabbi glared at Reuben, then at the tailor, who was almost on his knees before him, and then at the face of the connoisseur, who, somewhat embarrassed at finding himself observed in that exciting moment, said, apologetically, “I—I don’t mind being a witness.”  The rabbi married them.  “It is not for either of you that I am doing this,” he said, in stern accents. “You have disgraced yourselves—both of you. But for the sake of this old man, my friend, who holds that bauble so high that I fear he will lose his reason if any harm befall it, I yield.”  They were married. And then—and not until then—Reuben raised the precious wine glass, glittering and sparkling with multicoloured fire, gently from the floor and placed it upon the counter. But he held fast to the iron. Zalman pounced upon his heirloom, examined it carefully to see whether the faintest mishap had marred its beauty, held it tightly against his breast, and with upraised arm turned upon his daughter and her husband. With flashing eyes and pallid lips, he cried:  “May the foul fiends curse you! May God, in His righteousness——”  There was a sound of crashing glass. Whether in his excitement the tailor’s fingers had, for one instant, relaxed their grip; whether mysterious Fate, through some psychic or physical agency had playfully wrought a momentary paralysis of his nerves; whether—but who may penetrate these things? The glass had slipped from his hand. That exquisite creation of a skill that had perished centuries ago, that fragile relic of a forgotten art which, only a moment ago, had sparkled and glittered as though a hundred suns were imprisoned within its frail sides, now lay upon the floor in a thousand shapeless fragments.          Transcriber’s note:  Silently corrected typographical errors.  Retained anachronistic and nonstandard spellings as printed.    ***END OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK CHILDREN OF MEN***   ******* This file should be named 54761-0.txt or 54761-0.zip  This and all associated files of various formats will be found in: http://www.gutenberg.org/dirs/5/4/7/6/54761   Updated editions will replace the previous onethe old editions will be renamed.  Creating the works from print editions not protected by U.S. copyright law means that no one owns a United States copyright in these works, so the Foundation (and you!) can copy and distribute it in the United States without permission and without paying copyright royalties. Special rules, set forth in the General Terms of Use part of this license, apply to copying and distributing Project Gutenbergtm electronic works to protect the PROJECT GUTENBERGtm concept and trademark. Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark, and may not be used if you charge for the eBooks, unless you receive specific permission. If you do not charge anything for copies of this eBook, complying with the rules is very easy. You may use this eBook for nearly any purpose such as creation of derivative works, reports, performances and research. They may be modified and printed and given awayyou may do practically ANYTHING in the United States with eBooks not protected by U.S. copyright law. Redistribution is subject to the trademark license, especially commercial redistribution.  START: FULL LICENSE  THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK  To protect the Project Gutenbergtm mission of promoting the free distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work (or any other work associated in any way with the phrase "Project Gutenberg"), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full Project Gutenbergtm License available with this file or online at www.gutenberg.org/license.  SectionGeneral Terms of Use and Redistributing Project Gutenbergtm electronic works  1.A. By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenbergtm electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property (trademark/copyright) agreement. If you do not agree to abide by all the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or destroy all copies of Project Gutenbergtm electronic works in your possession. If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a Project Gutenbergtm electronic work and you do not agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the person or entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph 1.E.8.  1.B. "Project Gutenberg" is a registered trademark. It may only be used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement. There are a few things that you can do with most Project Gutenbergtm electronic works even without complying with the full terms of this agreement. See paragraphC below. There are a lot of things you can do with Project Gutenbergtm electronic works if you follow the terms of this agreement and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenbergtm electronic works. See paragraphE below.  1.C. The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation ("the Foundation" or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection of Project Gutenbergtm electronic works. Nearly all the individual works in the collection are in the public domain in the United States. If an individual work is unprotected by copyright law in the United States and you are located in the United States, we do not claim a right to prevent you from copying, distributing, performing, displaying or creating derivative works based on the work as long as all references to Project Gutenberg are removed. Of course, we hope that you will support the Project Gutenbergtm mission of promoting free access to electronic works by freely sharing Project Gutenbergtm works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the Project Gutenbergtm name associated with the work. You can easily comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the same format with its attached full Project Gutenbergtm License when you share it without charge with others.  1.D. The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern what you can do with this work. Copyright laws in most countries are in a constant state of change. If you are outside the United States, check the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this agreement before downloading, copying, displaying, performing, distributing or creating derivative works based on this work or any other Project Gutenbergtm work. The Foundation makes no representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any country outside the United States.  1.E. Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg:  1.E.1. The following sentence, with active links to, or other immediate access to, the full Project Gutenbergtm License must appear prominently whenever any copy of a Project Gutenbergtm work (any work on which the phrase "Project Gutenberg" appears, or with which the phrase "Project Gutenberg" is associated) is accessed, displayed, performed, viewed, copied or distributed:   This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and  most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no  restrictions whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or reuse it  under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included with this  eBook or online at www.gutenberg.org. If you are not located in the  United States, you'll have to check the laws of the country where you  are located before using this ebook.  1.E.2. If an individual Project Gutenbergtm electronic work is derived from texts not protected by U.S. copyright law (does not contain a notice indicating that it is posted with permission of the copyright holder), the work can be copied and distributed to anyone in the United States without paying any fees or charges. If you are redistributing or providing access to a work with the phrase "Project Gutenberg" associated with or appearing on the work, you must comply either with the requirements of paragraphsE.1 throughE.7 or obtain permission for the use of the work and the Project Gutenbergtm trademark as set forth in paragraphsE.8 orE.9.  1.E.3. If an individual Project Gutenbergtm electronic work is posted with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution must comply with both paragraphsE.1 throughE.7 and any additional terms imposed by the copyright holder. Additional terms will be linked to the Project Gutenbergtm License for all works posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the beginning of this work.  1.E.4. Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenbergtm License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this work or any other work associated with Project Gutenbergtm.  1.E.5. Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraphE.1 with active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project Gutenbergtm License.  1.E.6. You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary, compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including any word processing or hypertext form. However, if you provide access to or distribute copies of a Project Gutenbergtm work in a format other than "Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other format used in the official version posted on the official Project Gutenbergtm web site (www.gutenberg.org), you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense to the user, provide a copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means of obtaining a copy upon request, of the work in its original "Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other form. Any alternate format must include the full Project Gutenbergtm License as specified in paragraphE.1.  1.E.7. Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying, performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenbergtm works unless you comply with paragraphE.8 orE.9.  1.E.8. You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing access to or distributing Project Gutenbergtm electronic works provided that  * You pay a royalty fee ofof the gross profits you derive from  the use of Project Gutenbergtm works calculated using the method  you already use to calculate your applicable taxes. The fee is owed  to the owner of the Project Gutenbergtm trademark, but he has  agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the Project  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation. Royalty payments must be paid  withindays following each date on which you prepare (or are  legally required to prepare) your periodic tax returns. Royalty  payments should be clearly marked as such and sent to the Project  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the address specified in  Section "Information about donations to the Project Gutenberg  Literary Archive Foundation."  * You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies  you in writing (or by email) withindays of receipt that s/he  does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenbergtm  License. You must require such a user to return or destroy all  copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue  all use of and all access to other copies of Project Gutenbergtm  works.  * You provide, in accordance with paragraphF.3, a full refund of  any money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the  electronic work is discovered and reported to you withindays of  receipt of the work.  * You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free  distribution of Project Gutenbergtm works.  1.E.9. If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project Gutenbergtm electronic work or group of works on different terms than are set forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing from both the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation and The Project Gutenberg Trademark LLC, the owner of the Project Gutenbergtm trademark. Contact the Foundation as set forth in Sectionbelow.  1.F.  1.F.1. Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread works not protected by U.S. copyright law in creating the Project Gutenbergtm collection. Despite these efforts, Project Gutenbergtm electronic works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may contain "Defects," such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate or corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other intellectual property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or other medium, a computer virus, or computer codes that damage or cannot be read by your equipment.  1.F.2. LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES Except for the "Right of Replacement or Refund" described in paragraphF.3, the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project Gutenbergtm trademark, and any other party distributing a Project Gutenbergtm electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal fees. YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPHF.3. YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.  1.F.3. LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND If you discover a defect in this electronic work withindays of receiving it, you can receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a written explanation to the person you received the work from. If you received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium with your written explanation. The person or entity that provided you with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in lieu of a refund. If you received the work electronically, the person or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund. If the second copy is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing without further opportunities to fix the problem.  1.F.4. Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth in paragraphF.3, this work is provided to you 'ASIS', WITH NO OTHER WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.  1.F.5. Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of damages. If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement, the agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or limitation permitted by the applicable state law. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the remaining provisions.  1.F.6. INDEMNITY You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone providing copies of Project Gutenbergtm electronic works in accordance with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the production, promotion and distribution of Project Gutenbergtm electronic works, harmless from all liability, costs and expenses, including legal fees, that arise directly or indirectly from any of the following which you do or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this or any Project Gutenbergtm work, (b) alteration, modification, or additions or deletions to any Project Gutenbergtm work, and (c) any Defect you cause.  SectionInformation about the Mission of Project Gutenbergtm  Project Gutenbergtm is synonymous with the free distribution of electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of computers including obsolete, old, middleaged and new computers. It exists because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations from people in all walks of life.  Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the assistance they need are critical to reaching Project Gutenbergtm's goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenbergtm collection will remain freely available for generations to come. In the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure and permanent future for Project Gutenbergtm and future generations. To learn more about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation and how your efforts and donations can help, see Sectionsandand the Foundation information page at www.gutenberg.org  SectionInformation about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation  The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non profit 501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal Revenue Service. The Foundation's EIN or federal tax identification number is 64-6221541. Contributions to the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by U.S. federal laws and your state's laws.  The Foundation's principal office is in Fairbanks, Alaska, with the mailing address: PO Box Fairbanks, AK but its volunteers and employees are scattered throughout numerous locations. Its business office is located atNorthWest, Salt Lake City, UT596-1887. Email contact links and up to date contact information can be found at the Foundation's web site and official page at www.gutenberg.org/contact  For additional contact information:   Dr. Gregory B. Newby  Chief Executive and Director  gbnewby@pglaf.org  SectionInformation about Donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation  Project Gutenbergtm depends upon and cannot survive without wide spread public support and donations to carry out its mission of increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be freely distributed in machine readable form accessible by the widest array of equipment including outdated equipment. Many small donations ($1 to000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt status with the IRS.  The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating charities and charitable donations in allstates of the United States. Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up with these requirements. We do not solicit donations in locations where we have not received written confirmation of compliance. To SEND DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any particular state visit www.gutenberg.org/donate  While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who approach us with offers to donate.  International donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from outside the United States. U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.  Please check the Project Gutenberg Web pages for current donation methods and addresses. Donations are accepted in a number of other ways including checks, online payments and credit card donations. To donate, please visit: www.gutenberg.org/donate  SectionGeneral Information About Project Gutenbergtm electronic works.   Illustrated By C. D. Williams  New York: Doubleday, PageCompany  1907  [Illustration: 0001]  [Illustration: 0008]  [Illustration: 0008]  DEDICATED TO THE MEN OF THE SOUTH WHO SUFFERED EXILE. IMPRISONMENT AND DEATH FOR THE DARING SERVICE THEY RENDERED OUR COUNTRY AS CITIZENS OF THE INVISIBLE EMPIRE  This volume closes, as originally planned,  “THE TRILOGY OF RECONSTRUCTION”  “The Leopard’s Spots”  “The Clansman”  “The Traitor”  “The Clansman” ended with the political triumph of the Klu Klux Klan, or Invisible Empire. The story of “The Traitor” opens with the order of dissolution by General Forest and is set in the atmosphere of the fierce neighborhood feuds which marked the Klan’s downfall in the Piedmont region of the South.  Thomas Dixon, Jr.  New York,    LEADING CHARACTERS OF THE STORY   Scene: The Foothills of North Carolina.  Time:to John GrahamExchief of the Klan  Major GrahamHis Father  BillyHis Brother  AlfredThe Family Butler  Mrs. WilsonTheir Landlady  SusieHer Daughter  Dan WileyA Mountaineer  Steve HoyleChief of the New Klan  Judge ButlerOf the U. S. Circuit Court  StellaHis Daughter  Aunt Julie AnnHis Cook  MaggieStella’s Maid  SuggsA Detective  AckermanOf the U. S. Secret Service  Alexander LarkinA Carpetbagger  Isaac A. PostleA Sanctified Man  The Attorney General of the United States Hon. Reverdy Johnson of Maryland  Hon. Henry StanberyOf Ohio  U. S. GrantThe President     THE TRAITOR     BOOK ITHE CRIME     CHAPTER ITHE THREAT   WHAS the mather with the latch!  He shook it gently.  “No mistake about itgrown solid to the fence. I’ll have to climb over.”  He touched the points of the sharp pickets, suddenly straightened himself with dignity and growled:  “I won’t climb over my own fence, and I won’t scratch under. I’ll walk straight through.”  A vicious lurch against the gate smashed the latch and he fell heavily inside.  He had scarcely touched the ground when a fair girl of eighteen, dressed in spotless white, reached the gate, running breathlessly, darted inside, seized his arm and helped him to his feet.  “Mr. John, you must come home with me,” she said eagerly.  “Grot to see old Butler, Miss Susie.”  “You’re in no condition to see Judge Butler.” She spoke with tenderness and yet with authority.  “And why not?” he argued goodnaturedly. “Ain’t I dressed in my best bib and tucker?”  He brushed the dirt from his seedy frock coat and buttoned it carefully.  “You’ve been drinking,” pleaded the girl.  “Yet I’m not drunk!” he declared triumphantly.  “Then you’re giving a good imitation,” she said with an audible smile.  “Miss Susie, I deny the allegation.”  He bowed with impressive dignity.  Susie drew him firmly toward the street.  “You mustn’t go inI ran all the way to stop you in timeyou’ll quarrel with the Judge.”  “That’s what I came for.”  “Well, you musn’t do it. Mama says the Judge has the power to ruin you.”  John’s eyes shot a look of red hate toward the house and his strong jaws snapped.  “He has done it already, child!” he growled; paused, and changed his tone to a quizzical drawl. “The fact is, Miss Susie, I’ve merely imbibed a little eloquence on purpose tonight to tell this distinguished ornament of the United States Judiciary, without reservation and with due emphasis, just how many kinds of a scoundrel he really is.”  “Don’t do it.”  “It’s my patriotic duty.”  “But you’ll fight.”  “Far from it, Miss Susie. I may thrash the Judge incidentally during our talk, but there will be no fight.”  “Please don’t go in, Mr. John!” she pleaded softly.  “I must, child,” he answered, smilingly but firmly. “Old Butler today used his arbitrary power to disbar me from the practice of law. If that order stands, I’m a pauper. I already owe your mother for two months’ board.”  “We don’t want the money,” eagerly broke in the girl.  “Two months’ board,” he went on, ignoring her interruption, “for my dear old crazy Dad, helpless as a babe with his faithful servant Alfred who must wait on himtwo months’ board for my bouncing brother Billy, an eighteenyearold cub who never missed a mealtwo months’ board for my wartried appetite that was never known to fail. No, Miss Susie, we can’t impose on the good nature of the widow Wilson and her beautiful daughter who does the work of a slave without wages and without a murmur.”  Susie’s eyes suddenly fell.  “No, I’ve given Alfred orders to pack. We must move tomorrow.”  “You’ll do nothing of the kind,” cried the girl. “You can pay us when you are able. Your father saved us from want during the war. We owe him a debt that can’t be paid. He is no trouble, and Alfred works the garden. Mother loves Billy as if he were my brother. And we are honoured in having you in our home.”  The tender gray eyes were lowered again.  John looked at her curiously, bowed and kissed her hand.  “Thanks, Miss Susie! I appreciate, more than I can tell, your coming alone after me here tonighta very rash and daring thing for a girl to do in these troublesome times. Such things make a fellow ashamed that he ever took a drink, make him feel that life is always worth the fightand I’m going to make it tonightand I’m going to win!”  “Then don’t give old Butler the chance to ruin you,” pleaded the gentle voice.  “I won’t, my little girl, I won’tdon’t worry! I’ll play my trump cardI’ve got it here.”  He fumbled in his pocket and drew out a letter which he crushed nervously in his slender but powerful hand, drawing his tall figure suddenly erect.  The girl saw that her pleadings were in vain, and said helplessly:  “You won’t come back with me?”  “No, Miss Susie, I’ve serious work just now with the present lord of this manor; my future hangs on the issue. I’ll winand I’ll come home later in the evening without a scratch.”  Again the slender white hand rested on his arm. “Promise me to wait an hour until you are cooler and your head is clear before you see himwill you?”  “Maybe,” he said evasively.  “If you do appreciate my coming,” she urged, “at least show it by this; promise for my sake, won’t you?”  He hesitated a moment and answered with courtesy:  “Yes, I promise for your sake, Susie, my little mascot and fellow conspirator of The Invisible Empiregoodbye!” He seized her hand, and held it a moment. “My! my! but you look one of us tonight, with that sylph figure robed in white standing there ghostlike in the moonlit shadows!”  “I wish I could share your dangers. I’d go on a raid with you if you’d let me,” she cried eagerly.  “No doubt,” he laughed.  “I’ll sit up until you come,” she whispered as she turned and left him.  John Graham leaned against the picket fence and watched intently the white figure until Susie Wilson disappeared. The talk with her had more than half sobered him.  “And now for business,” he muttered, turning through the open gate toward the house. He stopped suddenly with amazement.  “Well, what the Devil! every window from cellar to attic ablaze with light. And the old scoundrel has always kept it dark as the grave.”  He seated himself on a rustic bench in the shadows to await the lapse of the hour he had promised Susie, and pondered more carefully the plan of personal vengeance against Butler which was now rapidly shaping itself in his mind. That he had the power, as chief of the dreaded Ku Klux Klan, to execute it was not to be doubted. The Invisible Empire obeyed his word without a question.  Tender memories of his childhood began to flood his soul. Beneath these trees he had spent the happiest days of lifethe charmed life of the old régime. He could see now the stately form of his mother moving among its boxwood walks directing the work of her slaves.  He had not been there before since the day her body was carried from the hall five years ago and laid to rest in the family vault in the far corner of the lawn. Ah, that awful day! Could he ever forget it? The day old Butler brought his deputy marshals and evicted his father and mother from the home they loved as life itself!  The Graham house had always been a show place in the town of Independence. Built in by John’s grandfather, Robert Graham, the eccentric son of Colonel John Graham of Revolutionary fame, it was a curious mixture of Colonial and French architecture. The French touches were tributes to the Huguenot ancestry of his grandmother.  The building crowned the summit of a hill and was surrounded by twentyfive acres of trees of native growth beneath which wound labyrinths of walks hedged by boxwood. Its shape was a huge, red brick rectangle, three and a half stories in height, with mansard roof broken by quaint projecting French windows. On three sides porches had been added, their roof supported by small white Colonial columns. The front door, of pure Colonial pattern, opened directly into a great hall of baronial dimensions, at the back of which a circular stairway wound along the curved wall.  The attic story was lighted by the windows of an observatory. From the hall one could thus look up through the galleries of three floors and the slightest whisper from above was echoed with startling distinctness. The strange noises which the Negro servants had heard floating down from these upper spaces had been translated into ghost stories which had grown in volume and picturesque distinction with each succeeding generation. The house had always been “haunted.”  The family vault in the remotest corner of the lawn was built of solid masonry sunk deep into the hillside. Its iron doors, which were never locked, opened through a mass of tangled ivy and honeysuckle climbing in all directions over the cedars and holly which completely hid its existence.  Popular tradition said that Robert Graham had loved his frail Huguenot bride with passionate idolatry, and anticipating her early death, had constructed this vault, a very unusual thing in this section of the South. It was whispered, too, that he had dug a secret passageway from the house to this tomb, that he might spend his evenings near her body without the prying eyes of the world to watch his anguish. Whether this secret way was a myth or reality only the Grahams knew. Not one of the family had ever been known to speak of the rumour, either to affirm or deny it.  A year after his wife’s death Robert Graham was found insane, wandering among the trees at the entrance of the vault. This branch of the family had always been noted for it’s men of genius and it’s touch of hereditary insanity.  On the day of his mother’s burial John Graham had found his own father sitting in the door of this tomb hopelessly insane.  But he had not accepted the theory of hereditary insanity in the case of his father. The Major was a man of quiet courteous manners, deliberate in his habits, a trained soldier, a distinguished veteran of the Mexican war, conciliatory in temper, and a diplomat by instinct. He had never had a quarrel with a neighbour or a personal feud in his life.  The longer John Graham brooded over this tragedy tonight, the fiercer grew his hatred of Butler. Something had happened in the hall the day of his mother’s death which had remained a mystery. Aunt Julie Ann, who stayed with the new master of the old house as his cook, had told John that she had heard high words between Butler and the Major, and when she was called, found her mistress dead on the floor and his father lying moaning beside her.  John had always held the theory that Butler had used rough or insulting language to his mother; his father had resented it, and the Judge, taking advantage of his weakness from a long illness of typhoid fever, had struck the Major a cowardly blow. The shock had killed his mother, and rendered his father insane. Experts had examined the Major’s head, however, and failed to discover any pressure of the skull on the brain. Yet John held this theory as firmly as if he had been present and witnessed the tragedy.  He rose from his seat, walked to the front entrance of the house and looked at his watch by the bright light which streamed through the leaded glass beside the door. He had yet ten minutes.  He retraced in part his steps, followed the narrow path to the foot of the hill and entered the vault. Feeling his way along the sides to the arched niche in the rear, he pressed his shoulder heavily against the right side of the smooth stone wall forming the back of the niche, and felt it instantly give. The rush of damp air told him that the old underground way was open.  He smiled with satisfaction. He knew that this passage led through a blind wall in the basement of the house and up into the great hall by a panel in the oak wainscoting under the stairs.  “It’s easy! My men could seize him without a struggle!” he said grimly, slowly allowing the door to settle back of its own weight into place again.  He stood for a moment in the darkness of the vault, clinched his fist at last and exclaimed:  “I’ll do it!but I prefer the front door. I’ll try that first.”  A few minutes later he had reached the house, knocked loudly and stood waiting an answer.  Aunt Julie Ann’s black face smiled him a hearty welcome.  “Come right in, Marse John, honey, an’ make yo’ sef at home. I sho is glad ter see ye!”  John walked deliberately across the hall and sat down on the old mahogany davenport under the stairs behind which he knew the secret door opened. He reached back carelessly, played with the spring and felt it yield.  Aunt Julie Ann’s huge form waddled after him. “Fore I pass de time er day I mus’ tell ye Marse John, what de Jedge say. He give ‘structions ter all de folks dat ef any Graham put his foot ter dat do’ ter tell ‘im he don’t low you inside dis yard! I tell ye, so’s I kin tell him I tell yeCose, I can’t help it dat you brush right pass me an’ come in, can I, honey?”  “Of course not, Aunt Julie Ann.”  Her big figure shook with suppressed laughter. “De very idee er me keepin’ Mammy’s baby outen dis house when I carry him across dis hall in my arms de day he wuz born! An how’s all de folks, Marse John?”  “About as usual, thank you, Aunt Julie Ann. How are you?”  “Poorly, thank God, poorly.”  “Why, what’s the matter?”  She glanced furtively up into the dim moonlit gallery of the observatory and whispered:  “Dey wuz terrible times here las’ night!”  “What happened?”  “Ghosts!”  “What, again?” John laughed.  “Nasah, dem wuz new ones! We got de lights all burnin’ ternight. De Jedge, he wuz scared outen ten years growth. He been in bed all day, des now git up ter supper. Wuz Marse William well las’ night?”  “As well as usual, yes; Alfred put him to bed early.”  “Well, sho’s you born, his livin’ ghost wuz here! He wuz clothed an’ in his right min’ too! I hear sumfin walkin’ up in de attic ’bout leben erclock, an’ I creep out in de hall an’ look up, an’ bress de Lawd, dar stood you Pa leanin’ ober de railin’ lookin’ right at me! Well, sah, I wuz scared dat bad I couldn’t holler. I look ergin an’ dar stood yo Ma, my dead Missy, right side er him.”  “Ah, Aunt Julie Ann, you were walking in your sleep.”  “Nasah! I’se jist as waked as I is now. I try my bes’ ergin ter holler, but I clean los’ my breath and couldn’t. So I crawl to the Jedge’s room, an’ tell him what I see. He wuz scared most ter death, but he follow me out in de hall an’ look up. He seed ‘em too an’ drop down side er me er foamin’ at de mouf. He’s powerful scary anyhow, de Jedge isdes like us niggers. I got him ter bed and poured er big drink er licker down ‘im, an’ when he come to, he make me promise nebber ter tell nobody, an’ I promise. Cose, hit’s des like I’se talkin’ ter myself, honey, when I tell you.”  “And this morning he gave orders to admit no one of the tribe of Graham inside the yard again?”  “Yassah!”  “Well, tell his Honour that I am here and wish to see him at once.”  “Yassah, I spec he won’t come downbut I tell ‘im, sah.”  She waddled up the stairs to the Judge’s room. John heard the quarrel between them. Aunt Julie Ann’s voice loud, shrill, defiant, insolent, above the Judge’s. She served him for his money and her love for the old house, but secretly she despised him as she did all poor white trash and in such moments made no effort to hide her feelings.  “Bully for Aunt Julie Ann!” John chuckled.  When she returned, he slipped the last piece of money he possessed into her hand and smiled.  “Keep it for good luck,” he said.  “Yassah! De Jedge say he be down as soon as he dresseshe all dress now but he des want ter keep you waitin’.”  “I understand,” said John with a laugh. “Are you sure, Aunt Julie Ann, that the ghost of the Major you saw last night wasn’t the real man himself?”  “Cose I’se sho’. Hit wuz his speret!”  “Alfred says he’s walking in his sleep of late; at least he found mud on his shoes the other morning when he got up.”  “De Lawd, Marse John, hit wuz his speret, des lak I tell ye. He didn’t look crazy no mo’n you is. He look des lak he look in de ole days when we wuz all rich an’ proud and happy. He wuz laughin’ an’ talkin’ low like to my Missy an’ she wuz laughin’ an talkin’ back at ‘im. I seed ‘em bof wid my own eyes des ez plain ez I see you now, chile.”  “You thought you did, anyway.”  “Cose I did, honey. De doors is all locked an’ bolted wid new iron boltsnuttin but sperets kin get in dis house atter darkde Jedge he sees ‘em toodes ez plain ez I did.”  “And this coward is set to rule a downtrodden people,” John muttered fiercely under his breath. “Yes it’s easy, he’ll do what I tell him tonight, orI’llusethepower I wieldtoexecutethe judgmentofajustGod.”  “What you say, honey?” Aunt Julie Ann asked.  “Nothing.”  “Dar’s de Jedge commin’ now,” she whispered, hastily leaving.  John kept his seat in sullen silence until the shuffling footsteps of his enemy had descended the stairs and crossed half the space of the hall.  The younger man rose and gazed at him a moment, his eyes flashing with hatred he could no longer mask.  The Judge halted, moved his feet nervously and fumbled at the big gold watchchain he wore across his ponderous waist. His shifting bead eyes sought the floor, and then he suddenly lifted his drooping head like a turtle, approached John in a fawning, creeping, halfwalk, halfshuffle, and extended his hand.  “I bid you welcome, young man, to the old home of your ancestors. In fact, I’m delighted to see you. I heard today that you would probably call this evening, and had the servants illuminate every room in your honour.”  “Indeed!” John sneered.  “Yes, I’ve wished for some time that I might have such an opportunity to talk things over with you.”  John had turned from the proffered hand and seated himself with deliberate insolence.  “Thanks for the illuminations in honour of my family!”  The sneer with which he spoke was not lost on the Judge. His patronising judicial air, so newly acquired, wavered before the cold threat of the younger man’s manner. Yet he recovered himself sufficiently to say:  “My boy, I like your high spirit, but I _must_ give you a little fatherly advice.”  “Seeing that my own father at present cannot do so.”  The Judge ignored the interruption and seated himself with an attempt at dignity.  “Mr. Graham, you must recognise the authority of the United States Government.”  “Which means you?”  “I was compelled to make an example of disloyalty.”  “You disbarred me from personal malice.”  “For your treasonable utterances.”  “I have the right to criticise your degradation of the judiciary in using it to further your political ambitions.”  “I disbarred you for treason and contempt of court.”  John rose and stood glaring at the judge whose shifting eyes avoided him.  “Well, you’re on solid ground there, your Honour! Were I the master of every language of earth, past master of all the dead tongues of the ages, a genius in the use of every epithet the rage of man ever spoke, still words would have no power to express my contempt for you!”  The Judge shuffled his big feet as if to rise.  “Sit still!” John growled. “I’ve come here tonight to demand of you two things.”  “You’re in no position to demand anything of me!” spluttered Butler, running his hand nervously through his heavy black hair.  “Two things,” John went on evenly: “First revoke your order and restore me to my law practice tomorrow morning.”  “Not until you apologise for your criticism.”  “That’s what I’m doing now. I profoundly regret the incident. I should have kicked you across the streetcriticism was an error of judgment.”  Butler shambled to his feet, trembling with rage, pulled nervously at his beard again and gasped:  “How dare you insult me in my house!”  “It’s my house!” flashed the angry answer.  “Your house?” the Judge stammered, again tugging at his beard.  “Yes, sit down.”  The astonished jurist dropped into his chair, his shifting basilisk eyes dancing with a new excitement.  “Your house, your housewhy, whatwhat!”  “Yes and you’re going to vacate it within two weeks.”  “What do you mean, sir?” demanded the Judge, plucking up his courage for a moment.  “I mean that the distinguished jurist, Hugh Butler, who had the honour of presiding over the trial of Jefferson Davis, and now aspires to the leadership of his party in the South, was living in a stolen house when he delivered his famous charge concerning traitors to the grand jury, that morning in Richmond. It is with peculiar personal pleasure that I now brand you to your facecoward, liar, perjurer, thief!”  John paused a moment to watch the effects of his words on his enemy. The cold sweat began to appear in the bald spot above the Judge’s forehead, and his answer came with gasping feeble emphasis:  “I bought this house and paid for it!”  “Exactly!” sneered the younger man. “But I never knew until I got this letter”he drew the letter from his pocket“just how you came to buy a house which cost000 for so trifling a sum of money.”  “Who wrote that letter?” interrupted the Judge eagerly.  “Evidently a friend of yours, once high in your councils, who has grown of late to love you as passionately as I do. And I think he could put a knife into your ribs with as much pleasure.”  The Judge winced and glanced nervously into the galleries.  “Don’t worry, your Honour. If you take the medicine I prescribe, amputation will not be necessary. Let me read the letter. It’s brief but to the point:”  _To John Graham, Esq._  _Dear Sir: The secret of Butler’s possession of your estate is simple. Under his authority as United States Judge, he ordered its confiscation, forced his wife to buy it for800, at a fake sale, which had not been advertised, and later had it reconveyed to him. His wife refused to live in the house, sent her daughter to school in Washington, and died two years later from the conscious dishonour she had been obliged at least in secret to share. A suit brought before the United States Supreme Court will restore your property, hurl a scoundrel from the bench, and cover him with everlasting infamy._  _A Former Pal of His Honour._  “An anonymous slanderer!” snorted the judge.  “Yet he expresses himself with vigour and accuracy, and his words are backed by circumstantial evidence.”  Butler sprang to his feet livid with rage crying:  “John Graham, you’re drunk!”  “Just drunk enough to talk entertainingly to you, Judge.”  “Will you leave my house? or must I call an officer to eject you, sir?”  he thundered.  “A process of law is slow and expensive, Judge,” said John with a drawl. “I haven’t the money at present to waste on a suit, May I ask when you will vacate this estate?”  “When ordered to do so by the last court of appeal, sir!”  John looked the Judge squarely in the eye and slowly said:  “You are before the last court of appeal now, and it’s judgment day.”  “I understand your threat, sir, but I want to tell you that your Ku Klux Klan has had its day. The President is arousedCongress has acted. I’ll order a regiment of troops to this town tomorrow! Dare to lift the weight of your little finger against my authority and I’ll send your crazy old father to the county poorhouse and you to the gallowsto the gallows! I warn you!” John took a step closer to his enemy, towering over his slouchy figure menacingly, and said, “When will you vacate this house?”  Butler grasped the back of his chair, trembling with fury.  “The possession of this estate is the fulfillment of one of the proudest ambitions of my life.”  “When will you get out?”  “And my daughter has just returned today from Washington, a beautiful accomplished woman, to preside over it.”  “Whenwillyougetout?”  “When ordered by the Supreme Court of the United Statesor when I’m carried outfeetforemostthroughthatdoor!”  The Judge choked with anger.  “Then, until we meet again!”  John bowed with mock courtesy, walked across the hall to the alcove and took his hat from the rack where Aunt Julie Ann had hung it, just as Stella Butler sprang through the rear entrance with a joyous shout, reached at a bound the Judge’s side and threw her arms around his neck.  “Oh! Papa, what a glorious night! Steve and I had such a ride!” The Judge placed his hand on her lips and whispered:  “My dear, there’s someone here.”  Stella glanced over her shoulder and saw John fumbling his hat in embarrassment.  “Why it’s the famous Mr. John Grahamintroduce me, quick!”  “Not tonight, dear; I do not wish you to know him.”  Stella released herself and, with a ripple of girlish laughter, walked boldly over to John, her face wreathed in friendly smiles.  “Mr. Graham, permit me to introduce myself, Stella Butler. My father has just forbidden it. I care nothing for your old politicsshall we not be friends?”  She extended a dainty little hand and John took it stammering incoherently. Never had he touched a hand so warm, and tender and so full of vital magnetism. It thrilled him with strange confusion.  Never had he seen a vision of such bewildering loveliness. An exquisite oval face with lines like a delicate cameo, cheeks of ripepeach red, a crown of unruly ravenblack hair, and big brown eyes shaded by heavy lashes. Her dress showed the perfection of good taste and careful studya yellow satin, trimmed in old lace that fitted her rounded little figure without a wrinkle, dainty feet in snowwhite stockings and bowtipped slippers that peeped in and out mischievously as she walked, and with it all a magnetic personality which riveted and held the attention.  He stared at her a moment dumb with wonder. Could it be possible that a girl of such extraordinary beauty, of such remarkable character, of such appealing manners could have been born of such a father!  “As the new mistress of your old home let me bid you a hearty welcome, Mr. Graham,” she said softly. “You must come often and tell me all its legends and ghost stories?”  The Judge shuffled uneasily and cleared his throat with nervous anger.  “Now keep still, Papa! I’m going to make this old house ring with joy and laughter. I won’t have any of your political quarrels. I’m going to be friends with everybody, as my mother wasthey say she was a famous belle in her day, Mr. Graham?”  “So I have often heard,” John answered with increasing confusion, as he retreated toward the door.  “You will come again?”  “I hope to soon,” he gravely answered as he bowed himself out the door.     CHAPTER IIMR. HOYLE RECEIVES A SHOCK  STEVE HOYLE had called early at the Judge’s to see Stella the morning after John’s encounter in the hall. As he paced restlessly back and forth waiting the return of Stella’s maid, he was evidently in an ugly humour.  When he heard the story at the hotel late the night before, that his hated rival in politics and society had dared to venture into Judge Butler’s home, he could not believe it. And the idea that Stella should receive him had cut his vanity to the quick.  The richest young man in the county, he aspired to be the most popular, and he had long enjoyed the distinction in the estimation of his friends of being the handsomest man in his section of the state. In his own estimation there had never been any question about this. And beyond a doubt he was a magnificent animal. Six feet tall, a superb figure, somewhat coarse and heavy in the neck, with smooth, regular features. He was slightly given to fat, but his complexion was red and clean as a boy’s, and he might well be pardoned his vanity when one remembered his money.  His father, the elder Hoyle, who had avoided service in the war by hiring a substitute, had emerged from the tragedy far wealthier than when he entered it. Some people hinted that if the Treasury Agents, who had stolen the cotton of the country under the absurd and infamous Confiscation Act of Congress, would speak, they might explain this fortune. They had never spoken. The old fox had been too clever and his tracks were all covered.  Steve had recently met Stella at one of her school receptions in Washington while on business for his father, yielded instantly to her spell, and they were engaged. He felt that he had condescended to honour the Judge by marrying into his family.  Butler never had been a slave owner, and in spite of his fawning ambitions as a turncoat politician and social aspirant, he was still poorso poor in fact that he could scarcely keep up appearances in the Graham mansion. Steve planned to live there after his marriage in a style befitting his wealth and social position. He noted the faded covering on the old mahogany furniture and determined to make it shine with new plush on his advent as master.  He walked over to the hall mirror and adjusted his tie. He was getting nervous. Stella was keeping him waiting longer than usual. She was doing this to tease him, but he would have his revenge when they were married.  Steve had quickly come to a perfect understanding with the Judge. The Piedmont Congressional District, which included several mountain counties, was overwhelmingly Democratic. The Judge, as the Republican leader, had promised Steve to put up no candidate, but to support him as an independent if the approaching Democratic Convention nominated John Graham for Congress.  Steve as a man of capital proclaimed that the money interests of the North should be cultivated and that a deal with the enemy was always better than a fight.  Sure of his success, he had already promised Stella with boastful certainty a brilliant social season in Washington as his wife. In spite of his immense vanity, he knew that this promise had gone far to win her favour. She too was vain of her beauty, and her social ambitions were boundless. He had received her mild professions of love with a grain of salt. She was yet too young and beautiful to take life seriously. His fortune and his good looks had been the magnets that drew her. But he was content. He would make her love him in due time. He was sure of it. Yet on two occasions he had observed that she had shown a disposition to flirt skilfully and daringly with every handsome fellow who came her wayand it had distressed him not a little.  He was angry and uneasy this morning, and made up his mind to assert his rights with dignityand yet with a firmness that would leave no question as to who was going to be master in his house. He decided to nip Stella’s acquaintance with John Graham in the bud on the spot. That he had called for any other reason than to see her, never occurred to him.  When Maggie, Stella’s little coal black maid, at length reappeared, she was grinning with more than usual cunning.  “Miss Stella say she be down in a minute,” she said with a giggle.  “You’ve been gone a half hour,” Steve answered frowning.  “I spec I is,” observed Maggie, continuing to giggle and glance furtively at Steve.  “What’s the matter with you?” he asked suspiciously.  “Nuttin.”  He held up a quarter and beckoned. She hastened to his side.  “I want us to be good friends.”  She took the money, grinned again and said: “Yassah!”  “Now, what have you been giggling about?”  “Mr. John Graham wuz here last night!”  “So I hear. Did he see Miss Stella?”  “Deed he did! Dat’s what dey all come fur. She so purty dey can’t hep it.”  “How long did he stay?”  “Till atter midnight!”  “Indeed!”  “Yassah!” Maggie went on, walling her eyes with tragic earnestness. “She play de pianer fur ’im long time in de parlour, an’ he sing fur her an’ den she sing fur ’im.”  Steve cleared his throat angrily.  “Yassah! an’ atter dey git froo singin’ she take him out fur er stroll on de lawn an’ dey go way down in de fur corner an’ set in one er dem rustics fur ’bout er hour. Den dey come in an’ bof un ’em set in de moonlight in de hammock right close side an’ side, and he talk low an’ sof, an’ she laugh, an’ laugh, an’ hit ’im wid er fanjesso! Yassah. Sh! She comin’ now!”  The girl darted out of sight as Stella’s dress rustled in the hall above.  Steve pulled himself together with an effort, and met her at the foot of the stairs.  She made an entrancing picture as she slowly descended the steps, serenely conscious of her beauty and its power over the man below whose eyes were now devouring her. The flowing train of her creamcoloured morning gown made her look a half foot taller than she was. She had always fretted at her diminutive stature, and wore her dresses the extreme length to give her added height.  With a gracious smile she welcomed Steve and he attempted to kiss her. She repulsed him firmly and allowed him to kiss her hand.  “Stella dear,” he began petulantly, with an accent of offended dignity, “you must quit this foolishness! We have been engaged three weeks and I’ve never touched your lips.”  She laughed and tossed her pretty head.  “And we’re engaged!”  “Not yet married,” she observed, lifting her arched brows.  “I have honoured you with my fortune and my life.”  “Thanks,” she interrupted smiling.  Steve flushed and went on rapidly.  “Really, Stella, the time has come for a serious talk between us.”  She seated herself at the piano and ran her fingers lightly over the keys. Steve followed, a frown clouding his smooth handsome forehead.  “Will you hear me?” he asked.  “Certainly!” she answered, turning on him her big brown eyes. In their depths he might have seen a sudden dangerous light, had he been less absorbed in himself. As it was he only saw a smile lurking about the corners of her lips which irritated him the more.  “I understand that John Graham called on you last night?”  “Indeed, I hadn’t heard it,” she answered lightly.  “And stayed until after midnight.”  Stella sprang to her feet, looked steadily at Steve, frowned, walked to the door and called:  “Maggie!”  The black face appeared instantly.  “Yassum!” she answered, with eager innocence.  “Have you said anything about Mr. Graham’s visit last night?”  Maggie walled her eyes in amazement at such an outrageous suspicion.  “No, M’am! I aint open my moufhas I Mister Steve?”  “Certainly not,” Steve answered curtly.  “I thought I heard your voice in the hall,” Stella continued, looking sternly at Maggie.  “Nobum! Twan’t me. I nebber stop er second. I pass right straight on froo de hallnebber even look t’ward Mr. Steve.”  “You can go,” was the stern command. “Yassum!” Maggie half whispered, backing out the door, her eyes travelling quickly from Steve to her mistress.  “As my affianced bride,” he went on firmly, “I cannot afford to have you receive the man who is my bitterest enemy.”  With a smile, Stella quickly but quietly removed the ring from her hand and gave it to Steve, who stood for a moment paralysed with astonishment. “Stella!” he gasped.  “The burden of your affianced bride is too heavy for my young shoulders.”  “Forgive me dear!” he pleaded.  “I prefer to receive whom I please, when and where I please, without consulting you. When I need a master to order my daily conduct, I’ll let you know.  “But, Stella, dear!”  “Miss Butlerif you please!”  “II only meant to tell you that I love you desperately, that I’m jealous and ask you not to torture meyou cannot mean this, dear?”  “How dare you address me in that manner again!” she cried, flaming with anger, the tense little figure drawn to its full height.  Steve attempted to take her hand, but the fierce light in her eyes stopped him without a word.  “Leave this house instantly!” she said, with quiet emphasis.  With deep muttered curses in his soul against John Graham, Steve turned and left.  As he passed through the doorway, a black face peeped from the alcove and giggled.     CHAPTER IIIA BLOW IS STRUCK   TRUE to his word Butler called for a regiment of United States troops.  On the second day after his interview with the Judge, John Graham watched from his office window the blue coats march through the streets of Independence to their camp.  He turned to his chair beside a quaint old mahogany desk and wrote an official order to each of the eight district chiefs of the Invisible Empire who were under his command in the state.  When he had finished his task he sat for an hour in silence staring out of his window and seeing nothing save the big brown eyes of a beautiful girleyes of extraordinary size and brilliance that seemed to be searching the depths of his soul. It was a new and startling experience in his life. He had made love harmlessly after the gallant fashion of his race to many girls; yet none of them had found the man within.  He was angry with himself now for his inability to shake off the impression Stella Butler had made. He hated her very name. The idea of his ever seeking the hand of a Butler in marriage made him shiver. To even meet her socially with such a father was unthinkable. And yet he kept thinking.  Two things especially about her haunted him with persistence and had thrown a spell over his imaginationthe strange appealing tenderness of her eyes and the marvellous low notes of her voice, a voice at once musical, and warm with slumbering passion. Her voice seemed the echo of ravishing music he had heard somewhere, or dreamed or caught in another world he fancied sometimes his soul had inhabited before reaching this. Never had he heard a voice so full of feeling, so soft, so seductive, so full of tender appeal. Its every accent seemed to caress.  He cursed himself for brooding over her and then came back to his brooding with the certainty of fate. Yet it should make no difference in his fight with old Butler. He would kick that fawning, creeping scoundrel out of his house if it was the last and only thing he ever accomplished on earth. The only question he still debated was the time and method of the execution of his plan.  One thing became more and more clearhe was going to need the full use of every faculty with which God had endowed him and he must set his house in order.  He opened the door of the little cupboard above his desk and took from it a decanter of moonshine whiskey Dan Wiley, one of his mountain men, had always kept filled for him. From the drawer he took two packs of cards and a case of poker chips. The cards and chips he rolled in a newspaper, placed in his stove and set them on fire. He smiled as he stood and listened to the roar of the sudden blaze. He raised his window and hurled the redeyed decanter across the vacant lot in the rear of his office and saw it break into a hundred fragments on a pile of stones.  “Wonder what Dan will say to that when he comes this morning?” he exclaimed, looking at his watch and resuming his seat.  He heard a stealthy footfall at the door, turned and saw the tall lanky form of the mountaineer smiling at him.  “Well, Chief, you sent for me?”  “Yes, come in Dan!”  Dan Wiley tipped in and stood pulling his long moustache thoughtfully, before taking a chair.  “What’s on your mind?” asked John.  “I heered somethin’.”  “About me?”  “Yes, and it pestered me.”  “Well?”  “They say you got drunk night ’fore last.”  “And you’re going to preach me a sermon on temperance, you confounded old moonshining distilling sinner!”  “Ye mustn’t git drunk,” observed Dan seriously.  “But, didn’t you bring me the whiskey?”  “Not to git drunk on. I brought it as a compliment. My whiskey’s pure mountain dew, life restorerit’s medicine.”  “It’s good whiskey, I’ll say that,” said John. “Even if you don’t pay taxes on it. You brought the men?”  “Yes, but Chief, I’m oneasy.”  “What about?”  “Don’t like the looks er them dam Yankees. I’m a member er the church an’ a law abidin’ citizen.”  “Yet I hear that a revenue officer passed away in your township last fall.”  “Rattlesnakes and Revenue officers don’t countthey ain’t human.”  “I see!” laughed John.  “Say,” Dan whispered, “you ain’t calculatin’ ter make a raid ternight with them thousand bluecoats paradin’ round this town, are ye?”  “That’s my business, Dan,” was John’s smiling answer. “It’s your business as a faithful nighthawk of the Empire to obey orders. Are you ready?”  “Well, Chief, I followed you four years in the war, an’ I’ve never showed the white feather yet, but these is ticklish times. There’s a powerful lot er damfools gettin’ ermongst us, an’ I want ter ax ye one question?”  “What?”  “Are ye goin’ ter git drunk ternight?”  John walked to Dan’s side and placed his hand on his shoulder, and said slowly:  “I’ll never touch another drop of liquor as long as I live. Does that satisfy you?”  “I never knowd a Graham ter break his word.” John pressed the mountaineer’s hand.  “Thanks Dan.”  “I’m with youand I’ll charge the mouth of the pit with my bare hands if you give the order.”  “Good. Meet me at the spring in the woods behind the old cemetery at eleven o’clock tonight with forty picked men.”  “Forty!better make it an even thousand, man for man with the Yanks.”  “Just forty men, mark youpicked men, not a boy or a fool among them.”  “I understand,” said Dan, turning on his heel toward the door.  “And see to it”called John“I want them mounted on the best horses in the county and every man armed to the teeth.”  Dan nodded and disappeared.  By eight o’clock the town was in a ferment of excitement and the streets were crowded with feverish groups discussing a rumour which late in the afternoon had spread like wildfire. From some mysterious source had come the announcement that a great Ku Klux parade was to take place in Independence at midnight for the purpose of overawing if not attacking the regiment of soldiers, which had just been quartered in the town.  By eleven o’clock the entire white population, men, women and children, were crowding the sidewalks of the main street.  Billy Graham passed John’s office with Susie Wilson leaning on his arm. Billy was in high feather and Susie silent and depressed.  “Great Scott, Miss Susie, what’s the matter? This isn’t a funeral. It’s a triumphant demonstration of power to our oppressors.”  “I wish they wouldn’t do it with all these troops in town,” answered the girl, anxiously glancing at the dark window of John’s office.  “Bah! The Ku Klux have been getting pusillanimous of latehaven’t been on a raid in six months. They need a leader. Give me a hundred of those white mounted men and I’d be the master of this county in ten days!”  “It’s a dangerous job, Billy.”  “That’s the only kind of a job that interests me. A dozen wholesome raids would put these scalawags and carpetbaggers out of business. There ought to be five thousand men in line tonight. I’ll bet they don’t muster a thousand. It wouldn’t surprise me if they backed out altogether.”  “I wish they would,” sighed Susie.  “Of course you do, little girl,” said Billy with sudden patronising tenderness. “I know what you need.”  Susie smiled and asked demurely:  “What?”  Billy seized both her hands and drew her under the shadow of a tree.  “A strong manly breast on which to leanSusie, my Darling, I love you! Will you be my wife?”  Susie burst into a fit of laughter and Billy dropped her hands in rage.  “You treat the offer of my heart as a senseless joke, young woman?”  “No, Billy dear, I don’t. I appreciate it more than words can express. You have paid me the highest tribute a girl can receive, but the idea of marrying a boy of your age is ridiculous!”  “Ridiculous! Ridiculous! How dare you insult me? I’m as old as you are!”  thundered Billy.  “Yes, we are each eighteen.”  “And your mother married at sixteen.”  “And she’s still only sixteen,” said the girl with a sigh.  “Wait a few days and I’ll show you whether I’m a man or not,” said Billy, with insulted dignity. “Come, your mother is waiting for us at the corner.”  Mrs. Wilson stood among a group of boys chatting and joking. She belonged to the type of widows, fair, fat and frivolous. Time had dealt gently with her. She was still handsome in spite of her weight, and intensely jealous lest her serious daughter supplant her in the affections of the youth of Independence.  She greeted Billy with just the words to heal his wounded vanity.  “My! Billy, but you look serious and manly! I’d kiss you if the other boys were not here. You ought to be at the head of that line of white raiders tonight”she dropped her voice to a whisper“I’ll be making your disguise before long.”  Billy turned from Susie and devoted himself with dignity to her mother.  The widow lifted her hand in sudden warning.  “Sh! Billy, the enemy! There goes Stella Butler with that fat little detective whom the Judge has imported with the troops.”  “Captain” Suggs of the Secret Service was more than duly impressed with his importance as he forced his pudgy figure through the throng on the sidewalk, ostentatiously protecting Stella from the touch of the crowd.  “It’s arrant nonsense, Miss Stella,” he was saying, as they passed. “These Southern people are savages, I know”  “Why, Captain, I’m a Southerner too,” said the girl archly.  “I mean the disloyal traitors of the Southnot the broadminded patriots like your father,” Suggs hastened to explain. “I say it’s arrant nonsense this talk of such a parade by these traitors. I credit them with too much cunning to dare to flaunt their treason in the streets here tonight with a regiment of troops and the head of the Secret Service on the spot.”  The little fellow expanded his chest and puffed his cheeks.  Billy doubled his fist, and made a dash for him. With a suppressed scream, Mrs. Wilson caught him.  “Billy! for heaven’s sake, are you crazy!” They passed on down the street toward the Judge’s house.  “I’m not so sure they will not parade, Mr. Suggs,” Stella replied.  “Don’t be alarmed, Miss Stella!” he urged soothingly. “I’ve taken ample means to protect you and your father from any attack of these assassins and desperadoes if they dare enter the town.”  “I’m not afraid of them, Captain, she answered lightly.  “Of course notwe’re here and ready for them. The very audacity of their manner is an insult to the Government.”  “I like audacity. It stirs your blood,” Stella cried, her brown eyes twinkling.  Suggs leaned nearer and said in his deepest voice:  “Let them dare this insult to authority tonight and you’ll see audacity come to sudden grief in front of your father’s house.”  “Have you prepared an ambush?” Stella asked eagerly.  “Better. We’ve an extra hundred loyal policemen on the spot. Each of them is sworn to capture dead or alive any Ku Klux raider who shows his head. I hope they’ll comebut it’s too good to be true. With a dozen prisoners safe in jail, before tomorrow dawns I’ll have the secrets of the Klan in my pocket. I’ll make things hum in Washington. Watch me. It’s the big opportunity of life I’ve been waiting formy only fear is I’ll miss it.”  “I think you’ll get it, Mr. Suggs,” was the laughing answer.  She had scarcely spoken, when a towheaded boy rushed into the middle of the street and yelled, “Gee bucks! Look out! They’re a comin’!”  Men, women and children rushed into the street.  Suggs stood irresolute and tightened his grip on Stella’s arm.  Down the street cheers burst forth and as they died away the clatter of horses’ hoofs rang clear, distinct, defiant. They were riding slowly as in dress parade.  Another cheer was heard and Suggs stepped into the street and reconnoitred.  His face wore a puzzled look as he returned to Stella’s side.  “They’ve actually ridden past the regimental camp. I can’t understand why the Colonel did not attack them.”  “Gee Whilikens, there’s a million of ’em!” cried a boy nearby.  “Perhaps the Colonel thought discretion the better part of valour, Mr. Suggs,” suggested Stella smilingly.  “Red tape,” the detective explained with disgust“he has no order. Just wait until the assassins walk into the trap I’ve laid for them. Come, we will hurry to your gate. I want you to see what happens.”  They crossed the street and hurried to the Judge’s place.  Suggs summoned the commander of his force of “metropolitan” police and in short sharp tones gave his orders.  “Are your men all ready, officer?”  “Yessir!”  “Fully armed?”  “You bet.”  “Handcuffs ready?”  “All ready.”  “Good. Throw your line, double column, across the street, stop the parade and arrest them one at a time.”  Suggs squared his round shoulders as best he could; the officer saluted and returned to his place to execute the order.  When the cordon formed across the street the boys yelled and the news flashed from lip to lip far down the line. A great crowd quickly gathered surging back and forth in waves of excitement as the raiders approached.  The white ghostlike figures could now be seen, the draped horse and rider appearing of gigantic size in the shimmering moonlight.  “Now we’ll have some fun,” exclaimed Suggs with a triumphant smile.  Stella trembled with excitement, two bright red spots appearing on her dimpled cheeks, her eyes sparkling.  Amid constant cheers from the crowds the line of white figures slowly approached the cordon of police without apparently noticing their existence.  “Now for the climax of the drama!” cried Suggs, watching with eager interest the rapidly closing space between the Clansmen and his police.  The officer in command, noting an uneasy tension along his lines, crossed the street in front of his men exhorting them.  “Stand your ground, boys!” he said firmly.  “Better save your hides, you scalawag skunks!” yelled an urchin from the crowd.  The leader of the Klan was now but ten feet away, towering tall, white and terrible, with an apparently interminable procession of mounted ghosts behind him.  The line of police swayed in the centre.  The Clansman leader lifted his hand, and the shrill scream of his whistle rang three times, and each white figure answered with a long piercing cry.  The police cordon broke into scurrying fragments and melted into the throngs on the sidewalks, while the procession of white and scarlet horsemen, without a pause, passed slowly on amid shouts of laughter from the people who had witnessed the fiasco.  “Well, I’ll be d! excuse me, Miss Stella!”  Suggs cried in a stupor of blank amazement, his round little figure suddenly collapsing like a punctured balloon.  “You can’t help admiring such men, Captain!” the girl laughed.  Suggs who had lost the power of speech wandered among the crowd in search of his commanding officer.  As the parade passed the Judge’s gate, Stella stood wideeyed, tense with excitement, watching the tall horseman with two scarlet crosses on his breast who led the procession.  “The spirit of some daring knight of the middle ages come back to earth again!” she cried. “Superb! Superb! I could surrender to such a man!”  A lace handkerchief fluttered from her bosom and waved a moment above her head. The tall figure turned in astonishment, bowed, tipped his spiked helmet, and without realising it suddenly reined his horse to a standand the whole line halted.  The leader whispered to a tall figure by his side, apparently his orderly, who turned to the line behind and shouted.  “Boys! three cheers for the little gal at the gate! She’s all right! _The purtiest little gal in the counteeoh!_”  A rousing cheer rose from the ranks.  A ripple of sweet girlish laughter broke the silence which followed, the lace handkerchief fluttered again and the line moved slowly on.  Stella counted them.  “Only forty men. And they dared a regiment!” With another laugh, she deserted Suggs and disappeared in the flowers and shrubbery toward the house as the last echoes of the raiders died away in the distance.  The Clansmen descended a hill, turned sharply to the right toward the river and broke into a quick gallop. Within thirty minutes they entered a forest on the river bank, and down its dim aisles, lit by moonbeams, slowly wound their way to their old rendezvous.  The signal was given to dismount and disrobe the horses. Within a minute the white figures gathered about a newly opened grave.  The men began to whisper excitedly to one another.  “What’s this?”  “What’s the matter?”  “Who’s dead?”  “You’re too many for me!”  “What’s up, Steve Hoyle?” asked one of the raiders.  “It’s beyond me, sonny. The Grand Dragon of the State honours us with his presence tonight and is in commandhe will no doubt explain. Have a drink.” He handed the group a flask of whiskey, and passed on.  When the men had assembled beside the shallow grave, the chaplain led in prayer.  The tall figure with the double scarlet cross on his breast removed his helmet and faced the men.  “Boys,” began John Graham, “you have assembled here tonight for the last time as members of the Invisible Empire!”  “Hell!”  “What’s that?”  The exclamations, half incredulous, half angry, came from every direction with suddenness and unanimity which showed the men to be utterly unprepared for such an announcement.  “Yes,” the even voice went on, “I hold in my hand an official order of the Grand Wizard of the Empire, dissolving its existence for all time. Our Commanderinchief has given the word. As loyal members of the order, we accept his message.”  “Then our parade tonight was not a defiance of these soldiers who have marched into town?” sneered a voice.  “No, Steve Hoyle, it was not. Our parade tonight was in accordance with this order of dissolution. It was our last formal appearance. Our work is done”  Steve saw in a flash his opportunity to defeat his enemy and make himself not only the master of his Congressional District but of the state itself.  “Not by a damn sight!” snapped the big square jaw.  “You refuse as the commander of this district to obey the order of the Grand Wizard?” asked the tall quiet figure.  “I refuse, John Graham, to accept your word as the edict of God!” was the quick retort. “Our men can vote on this and decide for themselves.”  “Yes, vote on it!”  “We’ll decide for ourselves!”  The quick responses which came from all sides showed the temper of the men. John Graham stepped in front of the big leader of the district.  “Look here, Steve Hoyle, I want no trouble with you tonight, nor in the futurebut I’m going to carry this order into execution here and now.”  “Let’s see you do it!” was the defiant answer.  “I will,” he continued. “Boys!”  There was the ring of conscious authority in his tones and the men responded with sharp attention.  “You have each sworn to obey your superior officer on the penalty of your life?”  “Yes!”  “You are men of your word. As the Grand Dragon of the State I command you to deliver to me immediately your helmets and robes.”  With the precision of soldiers they deposited them in the open grave. Steve Hoyle surrendered his last.  When all had been placed in the grave, John Graham removed his own, reverently placed it with the others, tied two pieces of pine into the form of the fiery cross, lighted its ends, drew the ritual of the Klan from his pocket, set it on fire and held it over the grave while the ashes slowly fell on the folds of the white and scarlet regalia which he also ignited. Some of the men were sobbing. While the regalia rapidly burned he turned and said:  [Illustration: 0073]  “Boys, I thank you. You have helped me do a painful thing. But it is best. Our work is done. We have rescued our state from Negro rule. We dissolve this powerful secret order in time to save you from persecution, exile, imprisonment and death. The National Government is getting ready to strike. When the blow falls it will be on the vanished shadow of a ghost. There’s a time to fight, and a time to retreat. We retreat from a field of victory.  “I should have dissolved the Klan a month ago. I confess to you a secret. I waited because I meant to strike with it a blow at a personal enemy. I realise now that I stood as your leader on the brink of the precipice of social anarchy. Forgive me for the wrong I might have done, had you followed me. As Grand Dragon of the Empire I declare this order dissolved forever in the state of North Carolina!”  He seized a shovel and covered with earth and leaves the ashes of the burned regalia.  Steve Hoyle stepped quickly in front of his rival. The veins on his massive neck stood out like cords and his eyes shone ominously in the moonlight. The slender figure of John Graham instinctively stiffened at the threat of his movement as the two men faced each other.  “The Klan is now a thing of the past?” asked Steve.  “Yes.”  “As though it had never been?”  “As though it had never existed.”  “Then your authority is at an end?”  “As an officer of the Klan, yes. As a leader of men, no.”  “The officer only interests meBoys!” Steve’s angry voice rang with defiance.  The men gathered closer.  “The Invisible Empire is no more. Its officers are as dead as the ashes of its ritual. Meet me here tomorrow night at eleven o’clock to organise a new order of patriots! Will you come?”  “Yes!”  “You bet your life!”  The answers seemed to leap from every throat at the same moment.  John Graham’s face went white for a moment and his fist closed.  “Patriotism is the last refuge of a scoundrel, Steve Hoyle,” he said with slow emphasis.  “And traitors pose as moral leaders,” was the retort.  “Time will show which of us is a traitor. Will you dare thus to defy me and reorganise this Klan?”  “Wait and see!”  John Graham stepped close to his rival, and, in a low voice unheard save by the man to whom he spoke, said:  “Take back that order and tell those men to go home and stay there.”  “I’ll see you in hell first!” came the answer in a growl.  Scarcely had the words passed his lips when John Graham’s fist shot into his rival’s face.  The blow was delivered so quickly Steve’s heavy form struck the ground before the astonished men could interfere.  In a moment a dozen men sprang between them and John said with quiet emphasis, glaring at his enemy:  “I’ll be in my office at ten o’clock tomorrow morning, to receive any communication you may wish to makeyou understand!”  And deliberately mounting his horse, he rode away into the night alone.     CHAPTER IVTHE OLD CODE   JOHN GRAHAM walked briskly to his office the next morning at a quarter to ten, and found Dan Wiley standing at the door.  The lank mountaineer merely nodded, followed the young lawyer into the office, and stood in silence watching him as he opened a case of duelling pistols which had been handed down through four generations of his family.  “Don’t do it,” said Dan abruptly.  “I’ve got to.”  “Ain’t no sense in it.”  “It’s the only way, Dan, and I’m going to ask you to be my second.”  Dan placed his big rough hand on the younger man’s shoulders.  “Lemme be fust, not second.”  “It’s not my way!”  “That’s why I’m axin ye. You’re the biggest man in the state! I seed it last night as ye stood there makin’ that speech to the boys. You’ll be the Governor if ye don’t do some fool thing like this. If ye fight ’im, an’ he kills ye, your’e a goner. If you kill him, you’re ruinedwhat’s the use?”  “It can’t be helped,” was the quiet answer.  “Are ye goin’ ter kill ’im?”  “Yes. The Klan was the only way to save our civilisation. I’ve sowed the wind and now I begin to see that somebody must reap the whirlwind. I realised it all in a flash last night when that scoundrel called the men to reorganise.”  “They won’t follow him.”  “The fools will, and there are thousands outside clamouring to get in. I’ve kept the young and reckless out as far as possible. Steve Hoyle knows that he can beat me for Congress with this new wildcat Klan at his back. He hasn’t sense enough to see that the spell of authority once broken, he wields a power no human hand can control. It will be faction against faction, neighbour against neighbour, man against manthe end martial law, prison bars and the shadow of the gallows. I can save the lives of thousands of men, and my state from crime and disgrace by killing this fool as I’d kill a mad dog, and I’m going to do it!”  “Hit’ll ruin ye, boy!”  “I know it.”  “Look here, John Graham, do me a special favour. Leave Steve to me. My wife’s dead and I aint got a chick or a childyou’ve defended me without a cent and you’re the best friend I’ve got in the world. It’s my turn now. Nobody would miss me.”  “I’d miss you, Dan!” said John slowly.  The two men silently clasped hands and looked into each other’s faces.  “You’re a fool to do this, boy”the mountaineer’s voice broke.  “Of course, Dan, many of our oldfashioned ways are foolish but at least they hold the honour of man, and the virtue of woman dearer than human life!”  A boy suddenly opened the door without knocking and handed John a note.  He read it aloud with a scowl:  _My friends have decided that I shall not play into your hands by an absurd appeal to the Code of the Dark Ages. I’ll fight you in my own way at a time and place of my own choosing and with weapons that will be effective._  _Steve Hoyle._  “Now, by gum, you’ll have to leave ’im to me,” laughed the mountaineer.  John tore the note into bits and turned to the boy:  “No answer, you can go.”  “He’ll pick you off some night from behind a tree,” warned Dan.  “Sneak and coward!” muttered John.  “Ye won’t let me help ye?”  “No, go home and disband your men.”  “May they keep the rig?”  “If you won’t go on a raid.”  “I’ll not, unless you need me, John Graham,” cried the mountaineer grasping again his young leader’s hand.  “All right. I can trust you. Keep their costumes in your house under lock and key until I call for them.”  As Dan turned slowly through the door he drawled over his shoulder: “You’ll ’em purty quick!”     CHAPTER VGRAHAM VS. BUTLER  WHEN Dan Wiley closed the door John turned to his desk and drew from a pigeon hole the mass of legal papers containing the evidence he had gathered of Butler’s theft of his estate.  The dissolution of the Klan had left him only the process of the law by which to recover it. Yet it was only a question of time when the decision of the Supreme Court would hurl the Judge from the Graham home and arraign him for impeachment.  Now that he was ready to file the suit, his mind was in a tumult of hesitation. The soft invisible hand of a girl was holding his hand. He gazed steadily at the documents and saw nothing that was within. The ink lines slowly resolved themselves into the raven glossy hair of Stella piled in curling confusion above her white forehead, and he was trying in vain to find the depths of her wonderful eyes.  Something in the expression of those eyes held his memory in a perpetual spelltheir remarkable size and their dilation when she spoke. They seemed to enfold him in a soft mantle of light.  He suddenly bundled the papers, replaced them, and took up his pen.  “I’ve got to see herthat’s all!” he exclaimed. “Who knows? Perhaps I’m answering the great summons of life. I’ll put it to the test. At least I’ll not throw my chance away for a house, some trees and a few acres of dirt. When Love calls life’s too short for revenge.”  On a sheet of delicate old note paper with a crest of yellow and black at the top, he wrote:  _My Dear Miss Butler:_  _You were gracious enough to ask me to call again. I cannot believe your words were mere conventional phrases. Their accent was too genuine and sincere. So I beg the privilege of calling today while your father, my valiant political enemy, is busy down town with the delegates to his convention which meets tomorrow. I anxiously await your answer._  _Sincerely,_  _John Graham_.  “Unless I’ve mistaken her character, she’ll see me!” he mused as he sealed the note.  He went at once to Mrs. Wilson’s, found Alfred, and gave him the missive.  “Take that to the Judge’s and give it to Miss Stella.”  Alfred stared.  “Down to de ole place!”  “Yes, of course.”  Alfred sat down and laughed.  “Well, fore de Lawd, doan dat beat ye!”  “Shut up, and hurry backI’ll wait for you at the office.”  “Yassah, right away, sah!”  “And Alfred, not a word to a living soul of this.”  “No, sah, cose not Marse JohnI know how tis ’my sef’de course er true love ain’t run smooth wid me nuther.”  “Quick, now, don’t you lose a minute.”  John returned to his office to await with impatience the word that would mean the beginning of a new chapter in his life.  Alfred placed the note carefully under his hat and hastened to the Judge’s, laughing and chuckling to himself.  For reasons best known to himself he entered by the carriage way.  At the wide double gate still stood the old lodgekeeper’s cottage, a relic of the slave regime. In the cottage Aunt Julie Ann lived with Uncle Isaac, her latest husband. Alfred had once been honoured with that relationship before the war, but Isaac had whipped him and taken Aunt Julie Ann by force of arms.  Alfred was much the larger man of the two, tall, awkward and slow of movement, while Isaac was small and active as a cat. The agility of his movements had swept Aunt Julie Ann’s imagination by storm. The contrast to her own three hundred pounds had no doubt been the secret charm.  She had loudly professed her love for Alfred until she saw Isaac thrash him, and without a word she surrendered to the new lord and refused to recognise her former husband.  This happened two years before the war and Alfred had watched and waited the day of his revenge to dawn. Many a night he had prowled around her cottage spying and listening at the keyhole for her cry of help. He had heard at last that Isaac was beating her unmercifully and he chuckled with grim satisfaction. Every opportunity he got he hung around the cottage and listened for the long expected cry. As he approached the gates this morning in a peculiarly romantic frame of mind, remembering the mission he was on, he heard Uncle Isaac’s voice in sharp accents within, hectoring it over his former spouse.  He crept to the door and listened breathlessly.  “Dar now, I’se jes’ in time ter sabe my lady love!”  He peeped cautiously through the keyhole and saw Aunt Julie Ann’s huge form busy at the ironing board, while Isaac sat majestically in a rocker delivering to her an eloquent discourse on Sanctification in general and his own sinless perfection in particular. Isaac had changed his name several times after the war, following the example of many Negroes who were afraid the use of their old master’s name might some day serve as the badge of slavery. He had lately become a Northern Methodist exhorter of great fame and went from church to church holding revivals, particularly among the sisters of the church, calling them to the life of stainless purity of those who had not merely “salvation,” as the ordinary Methodist or Baptist understood it, but “sanctification” as only those of the inner circle of the Lord knew it.  Isaac had long ago been “sanctified,” and had declared not only his sinless nature but had boldy proclaimed himself a prophet of the new dispensation and had finally fixed his name as “Isaac the Apostle,”  which had been simplified by busy clerks in written form to Isaac A. Postle.  Aunt Julie Ann had heard of his wonderful success in his sanctification meetings with misgivings, as the large majority of his converts were invariably among the sisters. She had finally dared to question the authenticity of his apostolic call. Her scepticism had aroused Isaac to a frenzy of religious enthusiasm. That the wife of his bosom should be the only voice to question his divine mission was proof positive that she had in some mysterious way become possessed of the devilperhaps seven devils.  He determined to cast them outby moral suasion if possibleif not, by the main strength of his good right arm. He must set his own house in order lest the very source of his inspiration be poisoned by lack of faith. He was devoting this morning to the task when Alfred arrived.  He had just finished a long and fervid explanation of the mystery of Sanctification.  “Fur de las’ time I axes ye, ’oman, what sez ye ter de word er de Lawd?”  Aunt Julie Ann banged the board with the iron and merely grunted:  “Huh!”  Isaac rose and repeated his question with rising wrath:  “What sez ye ter de word er de Lawd?”  “I ain’ heared de Lawd say nuttin yit!”  “An’ why ain’t ye?”  “Case you keep so much fuss I can’t hear nuttin’, Isaac Graham!”  “Doan you call me dat name, you brazen sinner dat sets in de seat er de scornful! Is ye ready ter repent an’ sin no mo?”  Isaac approached her threateningly and Alfred, watching with bulging eyes, clutched the stick he had picked up.  “Tech me if ye dareI bus’ yo head open wid dis flatiron!”  Isaac knew his duty now and determined to perform it without further ceremony. The anointed of the Lord had been threatened by the ungodly. He drew a seasoned hickory withe from a crack where he had hidden it and approached his sceptical spouse.  Aunt Julie Ann began to whimper.  “Put down dat flatiron!” he sternly commanded.  Alfred peering through the keyhole gasped in amazement as he saw her drop the iron heavily on the floor.  Isaac raised his switch and began to whip her. Around and around she flew screaming, begging, pleading for mercy. But Isaac continued to lay on steadily.  Alfred tried to rise and rush to the rescue but somehow he couldn’t move. To his own surprise the performance fascinated him. He sat peering with satisfaction.  “Dat’s paying her back now fur leavin’ me fer dat low live rascal. Give it to her, old man! Give it to her! She sho’ deserves it!”  At length Isaac paused, and eyed her steadily while he shook his switch with unction.  “I axes ye now, does ye believe in de Sanctification er de Saints?”  “Yes, Lawd, I sees it now!” she cried with fervour.  “An’ thanks me fer showin’ ye de error er yo’ way?”  “Yes, honey! I’m gwine ter seek dat Sanctification myself!”  “Glory! We’se er comin’ on!”  Aunt Julie Ann picked up the flatiron. Isaac eyed her with suspicion but he was too much elated with his victory to notice anything unusual in her manner.  “Ye b’lieves now in de Sanctification er de Lawd’s messenger Isaac A. Postle?”  With a sudden flash of her eye Aunt Julie Ann hurled the flatiron straight at the head of the Lord’s messenger saying:  “No, I ain’t sed dat yit!”  But Isaac was quick. He dodged in time. The corner of the flatiron merely tipped his ear and smashed through the window.  He grabbed his ear with sudden pain and gripped his switch with renewed zeal.  “I see I’se des begunone debble out, but dey’s six mo’ ter come!”  Again he whipped her around the room, threw her down, held her hair and banged her head against the floor.  “Fur de las’ time I axes ye, is de Lawd’s messenger, Isaac A. Postle, a sanctified one?”  Bang! Bang! Bang! went her head against the planks.  “Yes honey, I sees it now!” she cried with enthusiasm.  “Dat’s de way!”  “Does ye lub me fur showin’ ye de light?”  Bang! Bang! went her head.  “Yes, Lawd, I lub ye.”  “Say it strong.”  Bang! Bang! went her head.  “I lubs ye, my honey, yes I do!” shouted Aunt Julie Ann.  “An’ I’se de only man dat ye ebber lub?”  A moment’s pause, and again bang! bang! went her head.  Alfred couldn’t wait for the answer; he gripped his stick, sprang through the door, knocked the Apostle flat on his back, and jumped on him.  Aunt Julie Ann was more astonished than Isaac at her sudden deliverance.  She scrambled to her feet and gazed for a moment in amazement at Alfred as he pummelled Isaac’s head against the floor with one hand and pounded him with the other.  At every thump of his head Isaac yelled:  “God sabe me! de debble done got me! Help, Lawd, help! Save me Lawdsave me now!” Alfred pounded steadily away.  Aunt Julie Ann, when she caught her breath, grasped Alfred’s arm and yelled:  “What yer doin’ here, nigger!”  He wrenched his arm loose from her grasp and hit Isaac a smashing blow in the mouth as he cried again for help.  “Git often my ole man. I tell ye!” screamed Aunt Julie Ann, gripping Alfred by the throat.  “Name er God, ’oman, what yer doin’ when I comes here ter save ye!” cried Alfred, wrenching himself from her grip and returning to his work on Isaac.  “Git often ’im, I tell ye, fo’ I bus’ yer open!” she panted, towering above the writhing pair. She began to pound Alfred over the head with her fists, but he worked steadily away on Isaac without noticing the interruptions.  Suddenly Aunt Julie Ann threw both arms around his neck, bent his lank figure double across Isaac’s prostrate form, and hurled her three hundred pounds squarely across the two writhing men. There was dead silence for a moment and then Isaac groaned:  “God save me now! we’se bof gone! De house done fall on us!”  “Na! honey, it’s me!” cried Aunt Julie Ann, “an’ I got ’im in de gills!”  She rolled over and pulled Alfred with herboth hands gripped to his throat.  In a moment Isaac was on his feet.  “De Lawd hear my cry!” he exclaimed with unction, pouncing on Alfred and pounding him unmercifully while his faithful spouse held him fast. Alfred found his voice at last, and began to yell murder.  Steve Hoyle, who was pacing the walk in front of the Judge’s anxiously waiting an answer to a pleading letter he had sent to Stella asking for an interview, heard the cries and rushed to Alfred’s rescue.  He pulled Isaac and Aunt Julie Ann off in time to save his hat and portions of his clothes.  As he entered the cottage, he had seen instantly the note in John Graham’s handwriting which Alfred had dropped on the floor. He picked it up hastily and put it in his pocket.  When Alfred got out the door, he did not stand on the order of his going. He struck a bee line for John Graham’s office and ran every step of the way without looking back.  John was pacing the floor, his heart beating out the interminable minutes.  Alfred burst into the room, his nose bleeding, a gash across his forehead, his clothes torn and spotted with the blood from his nose. He was still wild with the fear of death which had clutched his soul as the light of day faded under Aunt Julie Ann’s awful grip on his throat.  He dropped, panting and speechless, on the floor. “For God’s sake, Alfred, what’s happened!” John cried, seizing a glass of water and pressing it to his lips.  “Dey kill me, Marse John!”  “Who did it?what for?”  “De folks at de Judge’s.”  “Where’s my note?”  “Dunno sah!”  “Didn’t you deliver it?”  “Dunno sah!”  “Did you go to the house?”  “Dunno sah!”  “Where did this happen?”  “At de gate, sah, dey wuz layin’ fer meDe Judge mus’ er tole ’em ter kill me.”  “Who did it?”  “Ole Isaac and Julie Ann jump on me fust, but tow’d de last dey wuz er dozen. Six un ’em wuz er beatin’ me on de head at de same time, three er four wuz er settin’ on top er me, two had me by the throat an’ de res’ un ’em wuz er steady kickin’ me in de stummick. Dey’d er had me sho’ by dis time ef I hadn’t kotch my breaf an’ holler’d.”  “And who helped you?”  “Mr. Steve Hoyle wuz dar ter see Miss Stella an’ he run in an’ pulled ’em off. When I lit out for home I wuz er sight sho nuff. I hear Miss Stella come up ter Mr. Steve an’ bust out laffin’ fit ter kill herself.”  “And you don’t know what became of the note?”  “Yassah! cose sah! dey tuck hit away fum me and tore it updat’s what I fit ’em ’boutyassah!” John’s face was white with rage. He sent Alfred home, sat down at his desk, and drew out the papers he had laid aside. The Judge had won. He had covered him with infamy in the eyes of his beautiful daughter and had dared to perpetrate this infamous outrage. He couldn’t understand Aunt Julie Ann’s part in the row, but the evidence of Alfred’s plight could not be mistaken.  For three hours with stern set face he worked completing the case of Graham vs. Butler. At four o’clock he had entered the suit and an officer served the papers on the astonished Judge.     CHAPTER VISCALAWAG AND CARPETBAGGER   JOHN GRAHAM, as leader of the opposition, as well as for personal reasons, was early on the grounds with half a dozen trusted lieutenants to watch the action of the Republican County Convention. He was curious to observe the effects of his suit on the Judge and his followers. He soon discovered that the scathing recital of fraud which he had incorporated into the form of his complaint as published in the morning’s paper was a mistake. It had been accepted by the mottled crew of nondescript politicians and Negroes as proof positive of his own depravity and the Judge’s spotless purity.  The Convention was seated in the open air on improvised boards. The Judge was peculiarly sensitive to the atmosphere of a crowd of Negroes. He had to associate with them to get their votes, but like all poor white men of Southern birth, he hated them without measure.  This Convention of his home county was the most important crisis in the development of his ambitions as the leader of his party in the South.  He was a candidate for the United States Senate. Delegates were to be elected today to the state convention. Unless he could go with a united front from his home county he was doomed.  His opponent, Alexander Larkin, was the boldest, most unscrupulous, and powerful Carpetbag adventurer who had ever entered the South from the slums of the North.  Larkin had made himself the Chairman of the Republican State Executive Committee, and was running neck and neck with the Judge for the Senate. He had determined to break his opponent’s backbone by capturing the whole, or at least a part of the delegates from Butler’s home county. The audacity of this movement had fairly taken the Judge’s breath. He halted Suggs in his thrilling pursuit of Ku Klux evidence and sent him North on an important mission. He meant to be fully prepared for any trick Larkin might spring. Suggs was bustling about among the delegates conscious that he was the trusted lieutenant of the coming man.  The Carpetbagger had so timed his anonymous letter to John Graham that the shadow of disgrace thus thrown over Butler’s name would give him the balance of power. He could not foresee the chain of trivial events which would produce the terrific document John Graham had filed. Every word of its passionate arraignment had the sting of a scorpion, and its effects had been electrical. By instinct the crowd had accepted John’s suit as a blow at the cause and Butler had become their champion.  As the Judge approached the crowd accompanied by Stella and Steve Hoyle, John saw with sinking heart that the first effect of his suit had been to bring Steve and Stella closer together and to dig an impassable gulf between him and the girl he had begun unconsciously to worship. She had evidently laid aside her hatred of politics and become her father’s champion. And he knew that Steve Hoyle had lost no time in this crisis in poisoning her mind forever against him. In fact Steve had spent the morning by her side developing the bitter sentences in his complaint into revelations of hereditary insanity and envenomed malice.  The girl had, however, taken his statements with reservations. She would stand by her father before the world and she would publicly insult John Graham if he ever dared give her the opportunity, but deep down in her heart she half suspected the truth. The memory of the bitter feud between her mother and father over some secret connected with this estate and her father’s shuffling evasions, returned to her now with startling import.  Her mother was of the old regime of the South, an aristocrat of aristocrats to her finger tips. Her people had blotted her very name from their memory for her marriage to Butler. She had fiercely resented to the day of her death this ostracism. The fear that her husband was a scoundrel, which slowly grew into a certainty in later years, at last broke her proud spirit. She gave up the struggle and died.  There were moments in which Stella felt this inherited repugnance to her father when the proud spirit of her mother’s blood ruled in her soul. There were other moments when she felt the necessity of tricks and lies to make life agreeable and accepted her father as of the inevitable order of human existence.  This morning she was her father’s daughter. Whether he was guilty or innocent she would show John Graham and his proud Bourbon set her contempt for them and their opinions.  As the three reached the edge of the crowd she was smiling graciously on Steve in answer to a sally of his cheap wit. She fixed John with a look of contempt and his soul grew sick with the consciousness that he had paid too great a price for his suit against the Judge. In her anger she was superb. The very air about her seemed charged with the intensity of her personality. She radiated it in every direction. It was the consciousness of this intensity of nature which drew John to her with resistless power. No other type of woman could interest him, and Stella was endowed with this subtle magnetism as no human being he had ever met. It spoke in every movement of her body, in every accent of her voice.  As she passed and turned her back on him, the sense of a hopeless and irreparable loss crushed his spirit. The words of the preacher rang in his soul, “What shall it profit a man if he gain the whole world and forfeit his life.”  “What are houses and lands after all, before the elemental forces which make life worth while,” he muttered. “I’ve an almost irresistible impulse to knock Steve Hoyle down, seize her in my arms, smother her with kisses and carry her off to some cave on a mountain! To the devil with goods and chattels, houses and lands.”  With a start he came down from the clouds of fancy. She had dismissed Steve, taken the Judge’s arm, and was actually going to walk down the aisle through that mob of Negroes and greasy politicians and accompany him to the platform.  When they reached the centre of the crowd, seated in semicircle about the covered speaker’s stand, pandemonium broke loose. The Judge received the most remarkable ovation of his life.  The throng leaped to their feet and screamed themselves horse.  “Keep your house Judge!” yelled a henchman.  “Houses were built for patriots, and jails for traitors!”  The Judge bowed and again the crowd yelled.  Larkin from the platform watched the demonstration with amazement.  “I’ve miscalculated. They’re all thieves and scoundrels. I’ve made him a hero.”  With a hypocritical smile he seized the Judge’s hand, wrung it heartily, congratulated him, and drew him to the platform. Stella sprang lightly up after him, took a rosebud from her belt, pinned it on her father’s slouchy illfitting broadcloth coat, kissed him and amid the cheers of the mob retraced her steps and left the ground with Steve Hoyle.  John watched her lift her parasol above her dainty head with smothered curses at his folly. He had unconsciously taken his own hat off and stood bareheaded in the broiling Southern sun of a June day. The bitterness of his mistake stirred him to more dogged persistence. With an effort he turned to the Judge and the Conventiontrying in vain to shake off the impression Stella had left. But he found his mind constantly wandering from the scene. Wherever he looked, within or without, he saw the delicate oval face with those great brown eyes smiling as they did the night he met her in the hall of his old home.  At length he awoke from his reverie with his eye resting unconsciously on Larkin, the Judge’s opponent. He had never seen him before, though his name had become known in every county of the state.  He was a man of more than the average height, of powerful build, high intellectual forehead, a full beard, long, silken, snow white. His hair, also long and white, was inclined to curl at the ends, and a pair of piercing black eyes looked out fearlessly from shaggy brows. He carried himself with instinctive dignity, and his whole appearance proclaimed a bold and powerful leader of men.  Rumour said that he had been a Wesleyan preacher in England but had been expelled in some factional fight and had sought his fortunes in America. Darker rumour whispered that he had a criminal record and that he had never even attained citizenship in the country of his adoption. Such rumours, however, counted for nothing in the tainted atmosphere of the riot and revolution of the Reconstruction period. From the sewers of the North, jail birds and exconvicts had poured into the stricken South as vultures follow the wake of a victorious army.  In two years Larkin had proven himself a party leader of remarkable executive ability and on the hustings had shown himself an orator of undoubted eloquence. He was fast becoming the idol of the more daring and radical wing of his party. He boldly proclaimed and practiced Negro equality and held up to public scorn any man who dared to quibble on the issue.  So bold and radical were his utterances the Negroes were a little afraid of him. Yet he was steadily gaining in his influence over them. He knew that they constituted ninetenths of the voting strength of the Republican party in the South, and that ultimately the man who pandered most skilfully to their passions must become master of the situation.  He had laid siege to Uncle Isaac immediately on his arrival and had played on his vanity so deftly that the Apostle of Sanctification had been completely fascinated by the Carpetbagger.  The moment Larkin’s eye rested on Isaac seated in the crowd he saw in a flash the master stroke by which he could break the spell of the Judge’s influence over the delegates. He quickly threaded his way to the Apostle’s side and escorted him to the speakers’ stand with his arm around his waist. He lifted him to the platform, forced the Judge to rise and shake hands, and seated Isaac by Butler’s side. The Negroes burst into a frenzy of applause.  So elated was Isaac by his newly found honours he began to interrupt the meeting by fervid religious exclamations to the intense disgust of the Judge who squirmed with increasing anger at each new outburst. When Isaac recognised any of his dusky acquaintances in the crowd he waved his hand and pointed his remarks in that direction.  “Yas Lawd! De year er juberlee is come, an’ I’se right here!”  A loud guffaw would invariably answer his sally.  Larkin ostentatiously consulted Isaac from time to time as to the conduct of the convention and every Negro watched him spellbound.  The Judge’s henchmen were dismayed at the impending stampede by the Carpetbagger. Butler had assured them the night before that they had nothing to fear from Larkin. But it was only too apparent that he had underestimated his opponent. Larkin’s commanding appearance, his magnetism and eloquence, the boldness and evident sincerity of his profession of Negro equality were steadily winning adherents.  Personally the Judge cut a poor figure beside him with his slouchy illfitting clothes, his fawning shuffling walk, his drooping head, shifting eyes, and his vague professions of platitudes.  Butler watched Larkin’s sudden growth of power with sullen rage. He had in reserve a weapon which he had found in the Carpetbagger’s English career, with which he could crush him at a single blow, but he had not expected to be forced to the extreme necessity of using it. For many reasons he wished to beat Larkin in an open fight. The weapon he could use was a dangerous one. He knew that Larkin had learned the facts concerning his confiscation of the Graham estate, and he was not sure how far his resentment would go in retaliation for an attack on his personal character. But he determined to put a stop to Isaac’s insolence which was rapidly becoming unendurable.  The Judge leaned over toward the enthusiastic Apostle and with a frown said:  “Shut your mouth and behave yourself!” Isaac subsided with a look of injured innocence directed in mute appeal toward Larkin.  Again the Carpetbagger saw his opportunity. He approached Isaac, seized his hand, slipped his arm around his shoulder and whispered:  “Brother, I’m going to make a motion to amend the Judge’s list of delegates by substituting six men of colour for six of the poor white men he has chosen. I’ll put your name first. Will you make a speech in favour of my motion?”  “Dat I will!”  “Then repeat that story of the vision you told me last night, and apply it to the Judgewill you do it?”  “Make de movement, an’ I sho’ ye!” whispered Isaac.  Larkin’s bold motion, a direct appeal to the Negro to use his power against the white man, took the Judge’s breath. He stared at his opponent in blank amazement while Larkin smiled at him with goodnatured contempt.  “And I have asked,” continued the Carpetbagger, “a distinguished leader of his race, Mr. Isaac A. Postle, a constituent and neighbour of Judge Butler, to address the Convention before the motion is opened to general debate. I am sure the Convention will give its unanimous consent to hear him.”  The roar of applause which greeted this remark left no doubt as to their consent. Larkin seized Isaac and drew him before the speaker’s table with his arm again affectionately around him.  Isaac was in a broad grin and evidently enjoyed his honours. He cleared his throat and glanced at the Judge. The Negroes burst into roars of laughter and the Apostle lifted his hand solemnly for silence.  Butler scowled and shuffled uneasily while Larkin’s face was wreathed in smiles.  “Gemmens an’ feller citizens!” Isaac began with great deliberation. “I’se called by de Lawd dis mawnin’ ter come up on high and expose de vision dat I seed in de dead er de night las’ week. I drempt a dream. I dream dat I die and go ter heaben. An’ as I wuz gwine long up de hill ter de pearly gates who should I meet comin’ down de hill but our good frien’ Judge Butler”  The Judge gave a sharp little angry cough, pulled his long black whiskers and crossed his legs quickly. Isaac glanced at him and walled his eyes at the dusky crowd who broke into another roar of laughter.  “Yassah!” he went on, “I met Judge Butler comin’ down de hill lookin’ pow’ful sad. An’ he say ter me:  “‘Isaac, whar ye gwine?’  “‘Gwine ter heben,’ sezzi.  “‘Ye can’t git in!’ sezze.  “‘Why so?’ sezzi.  “‘Case ye got ter be er ridin’,’ sezze‘I jes come down frum daran’ hits des lak I tell ye!’  “‘Is dat so?’ sezzi.  “‘But I tell ye what we kin do, Isaac!’ sezze.  “‘I’ll git on yo back an’ ride up to de gate, an’ we bof git in.”  “Dat seem all right ter me fust off so I hump mysef an’ de Jedge git on my back, an’ I gallup up de hill ter de pearly gates, an’ de angel Gabul, he look over de fence an’ say:  “‘Who’s dar?’  “‘Hit’s me, Jedge Butler,’ sezze.  “‘Ridin’ er walkin’?’ de angel say.  “‘Er ridin’!’ sezze.  “An’ I chuckled ter myse’f dat I’se er settin my feet in de gates er glory!  “An’ den de angel say:  “‘Des hitch yer hoss outside an’ come in!’  “An’ bress God! ef de Jedge didn’t hitch me ter de pos’ on de outside an’ go in an’ leave me dar!”  Again the crowd screamed with laughter. Wave after wave swept them while Isaac folded his hands across his little protruding stomach and laughed with them. In vain the chairman rapped for order.  The Judge flushed red with anger and called Suggs to his side. Larkin bent low his face between his hands, convulsed with laughter.  When at length the tumult wore itself out Isaac’s voice rang over the assembly in sharp vibrant triumphant tones:  “An’ I moves yer, sah, dat we all unanimously second de motion er Brer Larkin!”  Amid a shout of approval he sat down.  The Carpetbagger, elated by his success, determined to make a bolder stroke, capture the entire delegation and put the Judge out of the race.  He leaped to his feet and launched at once into an eloquent appeal for the equal rights of man, meaning, of course, the right of the Negro race to rule the white man of the South, the former slave to rule his master. Bold as a lion by instinct, he did not quibble over words. He told the Negro that his hour had come to strike for his right by force of arms if need be. He denounced the Ku Klux Klan in the bitterest terms. Every Negro followed his scathing words with breathless attention. For the moment he was the veritable prophet of the Most High God. Never before had they heard any man in public dare thus to arraign this dreaded order of white and scarlet horsemen. Here was their champion whose valiant soul knew not the fear of man, ghost, clansman or devil. He was transfigured before their yes into the whitehaired prophet of the Lord, and they hung on his every word as inspired.  In another moment he would have made his motion for a solid Negro delegation and stampeded the Convention had it not been for the single burst of eloquence with which he closed his speech. Just at the moment when he held every heart in the dusky host in the hollow of his hand, he thundered:  “Against the white traitor of the South who has perpetrated these wrongs on your defenseless heads I hurl the everlasting curse of God! Only a race of dastards and cowards would thus sneak under the cover of night to strike their foes!”  He had scarcely uttered the words when Billy Graham rushed from the outer circle of the crowd where he had sauntered with Mrs. Wilson, surrounded by a dozen funmaking youngsters, and ran toward the platform.  “Wait a minute!” he said, with uplifted hand, his voice quivering with rage.  Larkin’s arm dropped; he halted in amazement, every eye fixed on Billy. John Graham sprang to his feet with a muttered oath of surprise in time to see Billy square himself in front of the speaker and say:  “If you think the Southern people a race of cowards and dastards come down off that platform and knock this chip off my shoulder, you old whitelivered cur!”  He placed a chip on his shoulder and strutted before Larkin. The Carpetbagger was too astonished to reply. He gazed at the boy in confusion and muttered an inarticulate protest.  Billy jumped on the platform and walked around him like a game bantam, crying:  “Knock it offd you! knock it off! If you want to test it! A dozen of my friends are out there, yours all around you, a hundred to one, but knock it off! knock it off!”  John Graham had reached the platform by this time, seized Billy and led him back through the crowd to Mrs. Wilson who was in hysterics, the boys vainly trying to quiet her.  “What the devil’s the matter with youhave you gone crazy?” John whispered, shaking Billy fiercely. “Go home and behave yourself!”  “Attend to your own business, John Graham; I’m attending to mine!” was Billy’s sullen answer. And without another word he led Mrs. Wilson away followed by his companions, while John gazed after him with increasing astonishment.  In the confusion which followed Billy’s sudden challenge the Judge saw his chance. He sprang to his feet and moved to adjourn for dinner. Before Larkin could recover himself the motion was carried and the Convention adjourned.  Butler turned to the Carpetbagger and said:  “I wish to see you in my hotel immediately on a matter of the gravest importance.”  “I haven’t time, Judge,” Larkin carelessly answered.  “I’m in no mood to be trifled with,” answered the Judge.  “It’s a waste of time, your Honouryou’re a back number. Why should I talk with you?”  “There’s one reason big enough to interest you,” the Judge answered with sinister suggestion.  Larkin fixed his opponent a moment with his piercing eyes and said with contempt:  “I’ll join you in a moment.”  The Judge beckoned to Suggs who had hovered near, and the detective handed him a package of documents from his inside pocket. The movement was not lost on Larkin who was watching his enemy with uneasiness.  Suggs accompanied the Judge to his room at the hotel and awaited his call outside the door. Larkin looked at him with a scowl as he entered.  The Judge adjusted his slouchy coat, shuffled his feet, and stroked his beard with deliberation as Larkin seated himself.  “I’m going to ask you, Larkin,” he began, “to write out your resignation as Chairman of our State Executive Committee and withdraw from this race.”  The Carpetbagger laughed aloud.  “Well, you are an ass, you fawning, timeserving Scalawagwhat do you take me for?”  “For the criminal adventurer you are!” thundered the Judge.  “I’ll not bandy words with you, Butler. I’ve got you now, just where I want you. Five minutes more of that Convention and you’ll be a memory as a politician. You never had a principle in your life. A professed leader of the Republican party in the South composed of Negroes, you loathe the very sight of a Negro. You profess to be a Southerner, yet your ear is always to the ground to hear the slightest whisper from the lowest breed of Yankee demagogues in the North. You lie to the Negro, you lie to the Southern white man, you lie to the Yankee. You’re a pusillanimous, officeseeking turncoat beneath the contempt of a man. Why did you send for me?”  “To tell you that it’s time for you to move on, sir!” cried Butler with spluttering rage. “You Carpetbag vultures have winged your way into the South to tear from the loyal men of native birth the rewards of their long patriotic services. Go back to the slums and prison pens of the North where you belong!”  “What do you mean?” Larkin broke in with sudden energy.  “That you are a criminal adventurer, sir; that’s what I mean!”  Larkin laughed again.  “Is that all?”  “And I have in my pocket the documents to prove that you have never acquired citizenship in the State of New York!”  “True, but irrelevant. I am a citizen now of this state under the Reconstruction Acts, and I’m going to represent the old commonwealth in the next Senate while you sink once more into the obscurity your feeble intelligence has prepared for you. Is this all you have to say?”  “No, sir, it’s not!” whispered the Judge hoarsely with triumphant malice. “I have a letter in my pocket from the warden of the prison in England where you served your time, enclosing your photograph.”  With a sudden cry of anguish Larkin leaped the distance separating them, gripped Butler by the throat, hurled him back in his seat, and held him strangling, spluttering, squirming in mortal terror. In a moment he released him, sank to a chair and buried his face in his hands.  “So! I am your master after all,” the Judge sneered, recovering from his terror.  Larkin lifted his lionlike head a moment and looked at his opponent.  “Yes, I give up. I’ll withdraw from the race if you’ll keep my secret.”  “I’ll make no conditions with you sir; I mean to brand you a felon throughout the length and breadth of this land!”  “Not if you’ve an ounce of manhood in you,” said the Carpetbagger with quiet dignity. “You can’t do it when I tell you the truth. Fifteen years ago I was an honoured minister of the gospel in Australia. An enemy of mine in England published against me an infamous slander. I returned to ask reparation. He not only refused to give it but insulted me by a dastardly blow in a public assembly. In a moment of insane rage I returned his blow with one which resulted in his death. Four months later I found myself, a man of culture, refinement and the highest order of social talents, a convict in prison garb serving a sentence for manslaughter. I emerged more dead than aliveit was late in life, but I lifted up my head, sought a new world and began all over again. Once more I’ve shown my power as a leader of men. It was born in mea Godgiven birthright. My hair is white now with the frost of the grave; I’m alone and friendless. Put yourself in my place. It’s my last chance. You are twenty years younger. I ask your pity, your sympathy, your friendship. Come, Judge, you too are a soldier of fortune in conquered territory and have your own secrets. Fight me fair.”  “I’ll fight you with every weapon in my power, fair or foul. You’re in my way; get out of it,” sneered the Judge.  “You contemptible cur!” cried Larkin. “I could strangle you!”  “No doubt,” sneered Butler. “If you dared!”  “Take care, you cowardly dog!” leaped the threat from the lips of the Carpetbagger, with a sudden flash of incontrollable rage; and again his massive figure towered over the Judge’s slouching form. Butler’s shifting eyes blinked in terror as he spluttered:  “I’ll keep your secret on one condition!”  “What is it?” snapped Larkin.  “You’re a man of genius. Use your talents for me, and we’ll be friends.”  “You have told no one the facts you have discovered?”  “No. Suggs knows only of the investigation as to your citizenship.”  “I accept your terms,” was the quiet answer. The Convention ended in unexpected harmony, electing a solid Butler delegation. Larkin lingered in town for several days and, to the surprise and uneasiness of the Judge, stopped with Uncle Isaac in the little cottage by his gate.     CHAPTER VIITHE REIGN OF FOLLY  WITHIN two weeks Steve Hoyle’s new Klan was organised and in absolute control of the Piedmont Congressional District.  John Graham saw that his defeat was a certainty and gave up the political fight in disgust. But he determined to prevent at all hazards the degradation of the Klan into an engine of personal vengeance and criminal folly. There was but one way to do it. He dreaded the undertaking, yet there was no help for it. He must again fight the devil with fire. The reign of terror inaugurated by the Black Union League had made necessary the Ku Klux Klan. There must be a power to hold in check Steve’s irresponsible gang.  He immediately organised in each county a vigilance committee composed of the bravest and most reliable members of the old Klan who had refused to follow Steve. Over these men he sought to exercise only a moral influence as their former Commanderinchief, save in his own county where his word was accepted as law by the surviving veterans of the regiment he had commanded in the Civil War.  These men he instructed to watch the movements of Steve’s followers, learn in advance of their intended raids, break them up by moral suasion if possible; by force as a last resort.  He had found the task a tremendous one. For the first time he realised the terrible meaning of the lawless power of the Klan. The secrecy of their movements under his own leadership had been perfect. Yet with his knowledge of their methods he had believed it would be comparatively. easy to defeat their plans. He found it next to impossible. In spite of the utmost vigilance on the part of his committees, the new Klan had inaugurated a reign of folly and terror unprecedented in the history of the whole Reconstruction saturnalia.  They whipped scalawag politicians night after night and drove them from the county. They called on carpetbagger postmasters who immediately left for parts unknown. They whipped Negroes, young and old, for all sorts of wrongdoing, real or fancied, and finally began to regulate the general morals of the community. They whipped a rowdy for abusing his wife and on the same night tarred and feathered a white girl of low origin who lived in the outskirts of town and ran her from the county.  The morning after this outrage occurred, John Graham walked into Steve’s law office, brushed by his clerks and boldly entered the inner room where his enemy was at work.  Steve sprang to his feet and his hand instinctively sought the revolver in his hip pocket.  “You needn’t be alarmed; I’m not ready for you yet,” said John, his eyes holding Steve’s with their steady light.  “Well, I’m ready for you,” was the quick retort. “What do you want?”  “Merely to give you a little advice this morning.”  “When I need your advice, I’ll let you know.”  John closed the door.  “Your men are covering the name of the Ku Klux Klan with infamy,” John went on evenly. “If you have even the rudiments of common sense you must know that within a few weeks these fools will be beyond your control.”  “I haven’t felt the need of your help as yet,” interrupted Steve.  “No, but I’m generous. I volunteer to anticipate the needs of your weak intelligence.”  “John Graham,” Steve broke in angrily, “if you have anything to say to me, say it, and get out of this room!”  “I will say it, my boy, anddon’tyouforget it!” John answered with quiet emphasis, taking a step closer to his rival. “I’m close on the track of the men who are at present terrorising this county. I’ll come up with them some night and there’ll be business for the coroner next day. Dare to permit another outrage of a personal character in this county and I’ll find your men if I drag the bottom of hell for them, and when I do, I’ll hang them to a tree in front of your door. Andmark youif I fail to find them I’llholdyoupersonallyresponsible!”  Before Steve could reply he turned on his heel, slammed the door and left.     CHAPTER VIIITHE MASQUERADERS  IMMEDIATELY following the interview with Steve the character of the raids of the new Klan changed to harmless pranks and practical jokes on impudent Negroes, scalawags and carpetbaggers, and John Graham observed it with a sigh of relief. Some of these escapades he could have enjoyed himselfparticularly a call they made on the Apostle of Sanctification.  Uncle Isaac had greatly increased his prestige and following since the sensational speech he made in the County Convention and his public association with Larkin.  Following up his victory over the seven devils in Aunt Julie Ann, he had begun a series of revival meetings in the Northern Methodist church, calling its members to come up still higher. With each night his fervour and eloquence had increased. On this particular evening he attained unheardof heights of inspiration, and announced not only his sinless perfection and his apostolic call, but the more startling fact that he was in daily personal communication with Jehovah himself. Amid a chorus of “Amens” and “Glory hallelujahs” from the sisters he boldly declared:  “Hear de Lawd’s messenger! I come straight from him. De Lawd come every day ter my house. I sees him wid my own eyes. De debbil he doan pester me no mo. I’se de Lawd’s sanctified one. I done wipe my weepin’ eyes an’ gone up on high. Will ye come wid me breddren an’ sisters! I walk in de cool er de mawnin an’ de shank er de even’ wid de Lawd and de Lawd walks wid me. An’ I ain’t er skeered er nuttin in heaben above er hell below.”  He had scarcely uttered the words when a whiterobed ghost, fully ten feet high, walked solemnly down the aisle. There was a moment of awful silence. Isaac’s jaw dropped in speechless terror. A sister in the amen corner screamed, and the Apostle sprang through the window behind the pulpit without a word, carrying the sash with him. In a minute the church was empty and the revival of Sanctification came to an untimely end.  It soon became the fashion for these merry masqueraders to call in groups on the pretty girls in town with the offer of their knightly protection. Frequently they spent the evening dancing and making merry, always in full disguise, guarding with the utmost care their identity. The mystery attending such visits, their secret signs and passwords, and the thrilling call of their whistles gave to these performances a peculiar atmosphere of romance and daring, and their visits came to be prized by the fair ones as tributes to their beauty and popularity.  A sign of invitation was devised by order of the leader of the raiders and posted one night on the bulletin board of the post office. The girl who wished the honour of such a call had only to express it by walking through the main street to the post office with a scarlet bow of ribbon tied on her left arm, and on the night following, promptly at ten o’clock, the knights on their whiterobed horses would call.  Stella Butler had immediately become the most popular girl in Independence in spite of her father’s politics. Her beauty was resistless. Every boy on whom she chose to smile was at once her friend and champion. The old Graham house became the most popular meeting place of the youth and beauty of the town, and the only men not welcome there were its real owner and his pugnacious younger brother.  Stella was fairly intoxicated with her social victory. Steve led in the devoted circle of her admirers, each day pressing his suit with humble and dogged persistence. She smiled in triumph at his abject surrender but continued to keep him at arm’s length, showering her favours on all who were worth while.  She determined to crown her social leadership with a unique fancy dress ball by inviting the Klan masqueraders to dance with a select group of her girl friends at her home. The Klan itself was too deep a mystery for her to note the difference in the character of the raids since the night its gallant horsemen had cheered at her father’s gate. She only knew in a general way that the Klan was born in the unconquered and unconquerable spirit of the old Bourbon South, the South of her mother, the only South worth cultivating socially.  So when the Judge’s beautiful daughter, radiant and smiling, walked down the main street of Independence with the scarlet sign of the Klan on her left arm, she paralysed the business of the town. Every clerk stopped work and took his stand at the door or window until she was out of sight.  Her name was on every lip. If the raiders should accept her invitation, and appear at the old Graham mansion the evening following, the Judge would be in the anomalous position of a host who seeks the life of his guests. For the destruction of the Klan by exile, imprisonment and death had become the main plank in his political platform under Larkin’s guidance.  Before Stella reached home the town was in a ferment of excitement to know whether the Judge had given his consent to this daring act. The older heads were sure that it was a child’s thoughtless whim and that Butler would promptly and vigorously repudiate it.  John stood in the shadow by the window of his office and watched her pass in anguish. He saw in this invitation the complete triumph of the man he was coming to hate with deeper loathing than he had ever felt for her father. He was sure it was an inspiration of Steve Hoyle.  He observed old Larkin talking earnestly to Isaac on the other side of the street, and began to regret that the regiment of United States troops had been removed on the Carpetbagger’s advice.  Were they here, he would suggest to the Judge that they be stationed about his home tomorrow night and those masked fools be kept out. He resented such a masquerade, not only because it was a travesty of the tragic drama in which he had played a part, but because he felt a deep sense of foreboding over the possible outcome of the affair. However harmless the intentions of the leaders of such a prank, there was always the chance of a drunken fool among them.  “My God,” he exclaimed with a shiver of dread, “what will happen if the Judge in an ugly stupid temper encounters one of those masked fools maddened by drink!”  He sat down and hastily wrote a note of warning to Butler without a signature, tore it up in anger and threw it in his waste basket.  “Bah! it’s nonsense!” he muttered in rage. “Her father is in no danger. The trouble is with meI’m jealous, jealous, jealous! of the men who can see her. I want to dance with her myself. I’m mad with a passion I dare not breathe aloud.”  Yet the longer he brooded over the thing, the keener became his sense of its dangers and the more oppressive the fear that it would result in a tragedy.  He sat down and rewrote his warning to the Judge, crossed the street and dropped the letter in the post office.     CHAPTER IXA COUNTER STROKE  WHEN John returned to’ his desk he found Dan Wiley standing in the middle of the room pulling his long black moustache with unusual energy.  The young lawyer seated himself and motioned the mountaineer to a chair.  “No time ter fool.”  “Steve’s gang from up in the hills in my township is on the way ter Independence. They’re goin’ ter raid old Sam Nickaroshinski, the Jew storekeeper, and rob ’im ternight.”  “Nonsense, Dan, they haven’t got that low.”  “Hit’s jest like I tell ye. They’re a gang of flightin’ drunken devils. They’ll do anything. I got a man to join ’em, an’ he gimme the whole plot. Steve Hoyle don’t know nothin’ about it no more than their township leader does.”  “Did you bring your men?” John asked. “Yes, a half dozen. They ain’t but six er.”  “What’s up?”  “Hell’s afloat and the river’s a risin!”  “Well?”  “Them skunks comin’. Our fellers are lyin’ out in the woods at the spring where we met you the last time.”  John leaped to his feet with a sudden resolution.  “I’ll join you at eight o’clock tonight and we’ll give the gentlemen from the hills an unexpected reception.” He seized his hat and closed his office. As Dan turned to go he gave the low quick order:  “Gags and ropes for six. Lay low and don’t let anybody know you’re in town.”  “I understand,” said the mountaineer, with a grin.  “John hurried home, and found to his annoyance that Mrs. Wilson had gone buggy riding with Billy and left the entire work of the house to Susie.  “I hate to put more responsibility on your beautiful young shoulders, Miss Susie,” John said hurriedly, “but I must beg you to stop your work and make me a regalia for a little parade tonightyou understandwill you do it?”  “With pleasure,” was the smiling answer. “I’ll forgive Mama her idiotic trip with Billy for this chance to serve you.” She looked tenderly into John’s eyes.  Before sundown the costume was finished and fitted to the tall figure by Susie’s swift and gentle hands and the last scrap of the cloth gathered up and piled in her workbasket before the first boarder arrived. Supper was an hour late, but Susie was singing at her work when Mrs. Wilson and Billy returned after dark.  Nickaroshinski’s cottage was situated on the edge of a deep forest two miles out of town. It was a wellknown fact that the old Jew walked to and from his store every morning and evening alone. And it was popularly believed that he hoarded his money under the floor of his bedroom.  Had any other man than Dan Wiley reported to John Graham such a projected raid, it would have been beyond his belief. The old Jew was on good terms with everybody. A refugee from Poland, his instinctive sympathies had always been with the oppressed people of the South, and to their cause he had faithfully given what influence he possessed.  The idea of such an atrocity by men wearing the uniform of his Klan roused John to the highest pitch of indignation. He was determined to make an example of these scoundrels that would not be forgotten.  The stars were shining brightly when he started with his men to the old Jew’s place.  It was with a queer consciousness of the irony of fate that he galloped through the shadows to strike horsemen who were wearing the uniform of the mysterious order he had helped to create. The wind freshened and grew chill, heavy clouds obscuring the sky. The darkness became intense.  He carefully placed his men in positions to guard every approach to the house, and walked to the door to warn the Jew of his danger and arrange for the capture of the raiders.  A sudden crash and groan within told him only too plainly that the scoundrels were already inside.  Gathering his men John closed in on the house. As he expected they had put out no pickets, never dreaming that they would be molested. They had bound Nickaroshinski, beaten him unmercifully and tortured him until they had secured his money and, not satisfied, had begun to smash things to pieces.  Looking through the window John saw that their costumes were exactly like his own and that the six men had scattered through the house bent on plundering every nook and corner. Knowing that it would be impossible for them to distinguish their own men from his, he made at once his plan to capture the crowd without a struggle. Stationing his own six men at the front door, he took Dan Wiley and boldly entered the room where the leader stood covering the Jew with his revolver.  Without a word they walked toward him in the dim light.  Merely glancing at them the leader growled: “Finish up and let’s get away from here!”  “All right,” John answered coming closer, “I’m getting in a hurry myself.”  Before he knew what they meant, Dan pounced on him and pinioned his arms while John quickly covered his mouth and fixed the gag.  It was but the work of a moment to tie the wretch and pass him out the door to the grim figures waiting. They repeated this performance in each room until all but two had been taken. These two were together. John suddenly blew his whistle giving the Klan signal “Follow me.” When they entered the room two revolvers were suddenly thrust under their noses. They surrendered without a struggle.  John quickly released the old man, bound his wounds, restored his money and left with his prisoners.  Each of them were given forty lashes and the next morning when Steve Hoyle woke he found six stripemarked halfnaked men gagged and bleeding dangling by their arms from the limbs of the trees on his lawn. Around the neck of each hung a placard: “A warning to the scoundrels who are disgracing the uniform of the Ku Klux Klan in this county.”     CHAPTER XTHE STRENGTH OF THE WEAK  STEVE HOYLE had cut down his men and hustled them out of town before eight o’clock, but the news rapidly spread and had thrown the people into a tremor of wonder as to the meaning of the events of the night. Evidently there had been a clash of forces within the ranks of the Invisible Empire. What did it mean?  Steve had lost no time in explaining to the desperadoes from the hills what they wished to know, and they had left with deep muttered curses against their former Commanderinchief.  The outrage on Nickaroshinski had aroused the fiercest passions between the friends of John Graham and Steve Hoyle. Excited groups stood on every corner and it was with the utmost difficulty that John succeeded finally in dispersing them without a clash.  At one o’clock Larkin called at the old Graham mansion and announced to Aunt Julie Ann his desire to see the Judge.  “Ye can’t see ’im,” was her contemptuous answer.  Larkin had captured Isaac, but his influence had not reached his wife. For any white man who stayed at a Negro’s house her contempt was beyond words. That the house happened to be her husband’s only aggravated the offence.  “I must see him,” urged Larkin.  “He’s in bed sick, I tell ye!”  “But you had’nt told me,” protested the Carpetbagger.  “Well I tells ye now. De Judge ain’t lif’ his head offen de piller ter day. De ghosts wuz here agin las’ nightan’ you’d better be a movin ‘fore Miss Stella find you here. She sick de dog on you.”  Larkin took a threatening step toward her and said in low tones:  “Shut your mouth, and tell the Judge I’m here to see him on important business. I’m not going out of this house until I do see him. Tell him so.”  Aunt Julie Ann turned muttering and slowly climbed the stairs to Butler’s room.  In a moment the Judge came down, hastily dressed in a faded slouchy dressinggown and a pair of bedroom slippers.  “Is it possible,” exclaimed Larkin, “that you know nothing of what’s happened here within the past twentyfour hours?”  “I’ve been sick in bed. Haven’t left the house,” was the nervous reply.  “Well, it’s time you knew at least what is going on in the house.”  The Judge shivered and glanced up into the galleries.  “What do you mean?” he feebly asked.  Larkin rapidly sketched to him the events which had thrown the town into a ferment.  “But what I called for,” observed the Carpetbagger, “was to enquire, as your political adviser, whether you really intend to permit your daughter to receive here tonight this gang of masked cutthroats as your guests?”  The Judge rose trembling.  “My daughter receive the Ku Klux Klan here tonight?” he gasped.  “She has invited them, and in spite of the excitement it is rumoured that they will promptly appear in full costume at ten o’clock.”  “Impossible, Larkin, impossible! They won’t dare such a thing. Besides, of course, my daughter will stop it.”  “How can she stop it? Her invitation was by their sign of the scarlet bow. They have devised no signal to stop such a festival.”  “She must find a way at once,” cried the Judge excitedly, “otherwise we must wire for troops.”  “It’s too late.”  “We’ll order a special if necessary. I’ll call my daughter at once.”  Larkin rose as if to go.  “Wait,” continued the Judge, “I wish you to be present.”  He summoned Maggie, sent for Stella, and picked up his mail lying on the centre table, and opened it with fumbling nervous fingers while awaiting his daughter’s appearance.  The Carpetbagger smiled contemptuously at his lack of good breeding, and studied the room while the Judge read his letters.  “I see here some friend has written me a warning against the dangers of such a meeting,” cried Butler, his beady eyes dancing with excitement. “We must stop it, Larkin, we must stop it!”  Maggie slowly descended the stairs.  “Well, well, where’s your mistress?” spluttered the Judge.  “Miss Stella say she busy tryin’ on a dress an’ she can’t come now.”  Butler turned on Maggie with sudden fury.  “Go back, you little black imp of the devil, and tell her to come down immediately! Immediately, I say!”  “Yassah! Yassah!” Maggie panted. She turned back up the stairs jumping three steps at a time, and fell sprawling across the top landing. She reached Stella’s room gasping for breath.  Stella turned leisurely from her mirror.  “What on earth’s the matter, Maggie?”  “De Jedge say ef you doan come dar dis minute he gwine ter come up here and slap yo head off!”  “As bad as that, Maggie?”  “Yassam. He flung a big book at me an’ hit me right in the head jes case I tell ’im what you say. Didn’t ye hear it?”  Stella continued deliberately curling the ringlets about the edges of her raven hair.  “Go back and tell him I’ll be down in a minute.”  “Yassum. I spec he kill me dis time.”  Stella finished her hair, sat down by the window and read a novel for ten minutes and then slowly descended the stairs.  The Judge sat slouching low in his chair, and Larkin rose with the instinctive impulse of a gentleman on Stella’s appearance.  The girl stared coldly at her father, noted his dressinggown, turned hastily toward the stairs and began to ascend.  “Excuse me,” she said to him with pointed insolence, “I thought you were waiting to receive me.”  “Look here, my child, I’ve no time for silly nonsense!” the Judge exclaimed, adjusting the folds of his slouchy robe.  “When you have completed your toilet,” she said with a sneering little smile, “I’ll come at once. Please let me know.”  “Stella!” sternly called her father.  The girl continued without turning her head and disappeared on the floor above.  “A stickler for social forms, Larkin,” said the Judge petulantly, rising.  “I see,” said the Carpetbagger with amusement. “I’ll have to humour her. Wait for me. We must stop it.”  When at length the Judge returned and confronted Stella he was unnerved, while she stood staring at him with a hard glitter in her great brown eyes, complete mistress of every faculty she possessed.  “My child,” began Butler, “Larkin tells me that you have invited the Ku Klux raiders to dance here tonight.”  “I have,” was the cool answer.  “But my dear, you should have consulted me.”  “You made me the mistress of this house; why should I consult you about a harmless social gathering of my friends?”  “The Klan is a secret order of assassins and desperadoes.”  “Please father, don’t!” she interrupted. “Your politics disgust me. These boys are of the best families in town.”  “How can you know this?” pleaded the Judge. “They come disguised. Not one of them has ever made himself known.”  “Which makes the romance of such a visit all the deeper.”  “And its dangers all the greater, my child. Mr. Larkin has come to warn me.”  “I agree with your father, Miss Stella,” said Larkin with a grave bow.  The girl tossed her head with contempt.  “And I have in my hand a letter of warning from an unknown friend,”  continued Butler.  “But you are not really afraid?” cried the girl with scorn. “I refuse to believe my own father the contemptible coward your enemies have called you.”  “Have you heard of the criminal outrages committed last night by those masked raiders?”  “They do not interest me.”  “You must remember, my dear, that I have sworn to send these men to the gallows.”  “I can’t help your political bluster. I refuse to sacrifice my social career and insult my friends for your dirty politics.”  “And you can not see that the presence of these masked men in this house would be a mortal insult to me?”  “Certainly not. A crowd of gay masqueraders who come to do me honour.”  “You must stop it, my child.”  “It is impossible now. My friends are getting ready. I’ve hired a band.”  “You refuse to respect my wishes?”  “I refuse to make a fool of myself!”  “Come, my dear, you must be reasonable. I know I’ve spoiled you. I’ve loved you too well. I’ve indulged every whim of your heart and allowed you to rule me, but you can’t do this absurd and dangerous thing. You forget that you are not only making a fool of me but that you are putting my life in jeopardy.”  “I’ll assume the responsibility!” she broke in, drawing herself up with pride. “If you receive the slightest insult or a hair of your head is harmed I’ll give my life to avenge it.”  “You persist?” asked her father with a scowl. “I do,” flashed the answer.  The Judge rose, hesitated a moment and then said with stern determination:  “Then for the first time in my life, I forbid you a thing on which you have set your heart. These masked men shall not enter my house!”  Stella’s eyes flashed fire.  “They shall come!” she cried.  “Larkin,” said the Judge, turning to the Carpetbagger, “I shall have to ask you to go to the telegraph office and order the troops here on a special. Ask them to protect me tonight from these assassins.”  Stella’s figure suddenly stiffened with incontrollable rage. She clenched her fists and sprang in front of her father screaming.  “Don’t you dare insult me by applying such epithets to my friends! If you are my father, you are a poltroon and a coward!”  “Stella, my darling!” gasped the Judge.  “Don’t you call me darling! Don’t you dare to speak to me again! I’ll leave this house and blot your very name from my memory!”  Butler staggered back in dumb amazement and Larkin watched with a curious smile playing about the corners of his piercing eyes.  Stella stamped her foot, turned, and bounded up the stairs and into her room, slammed the door and began to scream.  The Judge stood for a moment in speechless horror. He had never crossed her imperious will before and he was utterly unprepared for her mad outburst. He loved her with all the tenderness of which his low nature was capable, and had never seen a woman in hysterics. He had therefore no standard by which to measure how much of pure devil and how much of real suffering were mingled in her cries. Each piercing scream tore his heart. He turned helplessly to Larkin and asked: “What shall I do?”  “Excuse me Judge, I can’t advise you in such a matter,” the Carpetbagger replied. “But I think you’ll have to summon a doctor.”  “My God, is she in danger?” he asked, in a stupor of pain. “I’ll go up and see.”  He shuffled up the stairs as quickly as possible, and hurried into her room without knocking.  Stella sprang from the bed where she lay moaning, laughing and crying, and flew at him, stamping and screaming:  “Don’t you come near me. Don’t you touch me! Don’t you speak to me! Get out of this room!”  “But my dear,” stammered the Judge.  “Get out of this roomget out of this room! or I’ll jump out of that window and kill myself!” She seized him by the arm, hustled and pushed him out of the door, slammed and locked it. Again she threw herself on the bed and burst into strangling groans.  The Judge retreated to the hall below, his eyes filled with tears, his heart sick with terror. He dropped into a seat, covered his face with his hands and sat for a moment in stupid pain.  Maggie suddenly plunged down the stairs yelling:  “Goddermighty, ye better run fur de doctor quickMiss Stella dying! She done choke ter death!”  “I’ll bring the doctor,” said Larkin, rising quickly.  “Run and bring Aunt Julie Ann!” whispered the Judge to Maggie.  The maid met Aunt Julie Ann who had heard the commotion and the two hurried back to Stella’s room.  When the doctor came she refused to see him, and he left in a rage. The Judge begged Larkin to stay until he could see his daughter.  An hour later, propped up in bed with Maggie rubbing one hand and Aunt Julie Ann the other, she permitted her father to enter and receive her pardon. The Judge knelt by the bedside, kissed her hand and wet it with tears. His surrender was abject. He sent Larkin away and promised to be present at the ball and treat the whole thing as a schoolboys’ frolic.  And then she smiled and kissed him.  “If I’m only strong enough to dress by ten o’clock!” she cried, laughing.  “Try to eat something, dear,” urged her father.  She promised and asked Aunt Julie Ann to send her a little soup. She got the soup and with it a substantial meal.  Still and catlike, Maggie watched her eat it down to the last crumb with quiet enjoyment. When the black maid picked up the tray she walled her eyes first at the empty dishes and then at her wonderful little mistress and softly giggled.     CHAPTER XITHROUGH THE SECRET PANEL  AS THE hour approached for the masqueraders to appear at the Judge’s John Graham was drawn to the spot by an irresistible impulse. He stood in the shadows of the trees on the sidewalk and watched the little squadron of white and scarlet horsemen wheel into the gate past Isaac’s cottage, and gallop swiftly up to the front door of the old mansion.  They had scarcely passed when Isaac suddenly stepped from the shrubbery through the open gateway and ran into him.  The Apostle gasped in terror:  “De Lawd, marse John, I thought you wuz one er dem ghostes‘scuse me, sah, I’se er gettin’ away from here!”  John made no reply, merely watching him until he disappeared.  Again he turned toward the house. Every window was gleaming with light. The subdued strains of a string band came stealing through the trailing roses on the porch, and he fancied he could catch the odour of the flowers in their sweet notes. Scarcely knowing what he did, he strolled into the lawn and sank on a rustic bench with a groan. He could hear the gay banter of the masqueraders and the peals of girlish laughter with which their tomfoolery was being received.  A mocking bird began singing in the tree above him, roused by the music of the band. Far off in the corner of the lawn in the clump of holly and cedars at the entrance of the vault a whippoorwill was making the ravine ring with the weird notes of his ghostlike call. The moon flooded the scene with silvery splendour. Crushed with a sense of loneliness and failure, he felt tonight that he would give all the wealth and honours of the earth for one touch of the hand of the girl whose laughter lingered and echoed in his heart. And again the feeling of impending disaster overwhelmed him.  “Of course it’s nonsense!” he kept repeating to himself. “The disaster is within. I’m merely a wounded animal caught in a trap, bleeding and dying of thirst, and no one knows or cares, and I can’t cry for help.”  He tried to rise and go. But something held him in a silent spell to the spot. He sat dreaming out each movement of the gay drama in progress within.  Stella had welcomed her whiterobed guests without the aid of a servant. No Negro could be hired for love or money to approach one of these ghostly figures. Maggie had hidden in the closet in her mistress’ room and Aunt Julie Ann had barred herself inside the kitchen and refused to answer a call.  In spite of these little annoyances the beautiful young mistress of the Graham house, resplendent in her ball dress costume, was in her gayest mood.  When the shrill whistles rang their summons at the door, she hastened to greet her mysterious guests.  “And your name, Sir Knight?” she asked the leader with bantering laughter.  “We are Ghouls! And come from beyond the river Styx, my lady!” solemnly answered the tall white figure.  “Welcome shades of Darkness, welcome back to the world of joy and light, song and dance, life and love!” Stella cried, extending her hand.  When they had tied their horses to the posts beside the wide driveway they slowly entered single file into the great hall. Stella, assisted by Susie Wilson, who had become her fast friend, greeted each of them with words of gay welcome.  They were dressed in the regulation raider’s costume of the Klan. The white flowing ulsterlike robe came within three inches of the floor. A scarlet belt circled the waist, from either side of which hung heavy revolvers in leather holsters. A dagger was attached to the centre of the belt, and the scarletlined white cape thrown back on the shoulders revealed their militant trappings with startling distinctness. On each breast was wrought the emblem of the Invisible Empire, the scarlet circle, and in its centre a white cross. Spiked helmets of white cloth with flowing masks reached to the cape on each shoulder, completely covering the head and face. With red gauntlets to complete their costume, the disguise was absolute. The only visible part of the body was the eye, gleaming with a strange steady supernatural brilliance through the holes cut in the mask. It was a curious fact that all eyes looked alike in the shadows of these trappings at night. They were simply flashing points of living light with all traces of colour lost in the shadows.  In spite of the fact that the girls felt they had nothing to fear from the white figures, it was with a tremor of excitement they each greeted the mysterious partners of their dance.  Stella left them talking romantic nonsense of knights and tournaments, ghouls and ghosts in the hall and ran up to her father’s room.  “Oh! Papa,” she cried with childish glee. “It’s such fun! They’re all here. You will come down and join the party as you promised?”  “Yes, yes, dear, I’ll come, presently,” said the Judge with evident dread.  Stella slipped her beautiful bare arm around his neck and her cheek rested against his, while the soft little fingers found his hand.  “I’m awfully sorry I was so ugly today,” she said gently. “But I couldn’t help it. I didn’t know I had such a temper. I must have gotten it from you Dad.”  “It’s all right, my darling, if you’ll never say such bitter things to me againwill you?” he asked tenderly, tears filling his eyes.  “No, I’ll be good now, if you’ll forgive me?”  Her father answered with a kiss. “You see, you’re all I have in the world, my little girlie. I’m not as strong as I used to be. I don’t think I’m going to live long.”  “Rubbish! you’ve just got the blues. Shake them off and be young again tonight. Imagine you are a boy here with mother the sweetheart you’re trying to steal from the proud rich people who hate youcome, come!”  The Judge smiled in spite of himself. Her mood was contagious. He stroked her hand gently.  “I’ll be down right away. Run on and have a good time.”  “All right, I’ll start the first dance and you’ll be there by the time it’s over and shake hands with your enemies. It will be so jolly!”  Throwing him a kiss she returned to the hall below and led her guests into the big double parlours which had been fitted up for dancing. The French windows, opening as doors on the porches, were raised, and the band stationed outside near one of them.  When the dance had begun the Judge, dressed in his usual broadcloth frock coat which hung in slouching lines from his drooping shoulders, slowly descended the stairs and stood embarrassed and hesitating in the hall a moment, and sat down by the centre table.  A masquerader came in from the ball room for the fan his partner had left, and so soft was his footfall the Judge did not hear or see him until the tall white figure suddenly loomed above him to pick up the fan.  The apparition was so startling the Judge’s nerves collapsed. He leaped to his feet with an inarticulate cry of terror, overturning his chair and started to bolt for the door.  The masquerader smothered a laugh and said:  “I beg your pardon, I only wanted the fan.” Butler stammered:  “AhImust have been dreamingyoustartled me!”  He watched the white figure disappear, mopped the perspiration from his brow, called Aunt Julie Ann and ordered her to bring him a drink of whiskey. She refused to stir at first, but he threatened to discharge her, and she obeyed.  When the Judge raised the glass to his lips his hand trembled so violently that he spilled some of the liquor on his clothes. He gulped it down and glanced nervously about the hall.  He placed the glass back on the tray and Aunt Julie Ann, watching the parlourdoor like a hawk, started back to the kitchen on a run.  “Wait a moment,” cried the Judge, shuffling to his feet.  “I ain’t gwine stay in here wid dem things in de house,” she answered, halting timidly in the shadows of the door leading into the diningroom.  Butler walked to her side and said:  “Tell Miss Stella I’m not feeling wellI’m going to bed.”  He hesitated a moment. “You’ve said nothing to any one about this ghost business?”  “Hush, man, hush! Don’t talk about dat now!” she whispered. “I tole dat ole whiteheaded Larkindat’s all.”  “Well, I want to warn you, don’t mention it to another living soul. I’m beginning to suspect that we’ve been seeing old Major Graham himself!”  “De Lawd er mussy, man, how he bin gittin’ in de house wid all de doors and windows locked an’ bolted?”  “That’s a mystery I can’t fathom.”  “No, ner nobody else. Hit’s his sperit I tells ye.”  While they were talking thus in the alcove the oak panel under the stairs was softly opened and closed; old Major Graham, dressed with scrupulous care, thin and pale as a corpse, yet erect and dignified, walked slowly across the hall to the foot of the stairs. His lips were muttering inarticulate sounds and his wide staring eyes had the faroff look of the dreamer who lives, breathes and moves, yet sees nothing.  Butler’s back was to the Major, and Aunt Julie Ann, hearing the footsteps, was first to see him. She staggered against the wall and gasped:  “God, save us, dar he is now!”  Butler glanced over his shoulder and backed against the huge figure of the cook, trembling.  “Looklook!” he whispered. “It is old Graham. Watch his thin bony fingers grip the rail as he climbs the steps!”  “Hit’s his livin’ ghost I tell ye!” persisted Aunt Julie Ann. “He’ll walk right out on de roof an’ step off’n de house des like he does every nightyou won’t see’ ’im again.”  “Get some more whiskey!” said the Judge. “I’ll go with you”he added, following her into the dining room, mopping the perspiration from his brow.  “I’ll go up there in a minute and find out the truth!”  “Better keep outen dat attic I tells ye. Dey say dat de ghosts er de livin’ is wuss dan de dead.” They had scarcely passed from the hall when the oak panel again opened and a white masked figure peered through, and quickly entered.  The dress was an exact duplicate of the masqueraders down to its minutest details, and only the closest observer would have noted the awkward way in which the figure moved as though not in the habit of walking in his disguise.  He quickly glanced about the hall, listened a moment to the sounds of revelry in the ballroom, closed the door of the small hall leading into it, reopened the panel and signalled.  In rapid succession eight more silent figures filed through the panel door. The leader whispered to his followers:  “He’s in the dining room. Guard every entrance now but that.”  In a moment a masked man stood guard at each door and the leader lowered the lamp on the table until only the dim outlines of the forms could be seen, and stepped back himself into the shadows of the alcove by the dining room door.  Aunt Julie Ann returned to the kitchen, and the Judge, afraid to go upstairs, came back into the hall to enter the ballroom as he promised Stella.. As he passed through the door of the dining room the shrouded figure standing in the alcove quickly followed, cutting off this retreat.  The Judge stopped, blinked his eyes around the dim hall and muttered:  “Why, why, the lamp’s gone out!” He quickly crossed the space to the table and extended his hand to turn up the lamp.  The figure behind him seized his arm and a guttural voice spoke through the mask:  “There’s light enough for our work, Judge.”  Butler staggered back in terror and glanced about him at the dim spectres closing around the table. With an effort he pulled himself together and stammered:  “Why, of course, boys. I see! I see! You’re going to initiate me! give me the third degree firstI seea good joke!”  “You’ll find it a serious joke before you’re through,” replied the leader, gripping his dagger.  The Judge could see the movement of his hand as he slowly drew the knife from its sheath, the blade glistening for an instant in the dim lamplight, but he still thought the boys were playing a prank on him.  “Well, gentlemen, have your fun!” he cried with forced gaiety, “Have your way, I’m at your service. What is the penalty I must pay tonight for my many sins against the Klan?”  “The penalty is your life,” said the mask with sullen menace in his tones, stepping closer, “unless you agree to leave this state tomorrow and never enter it againwill you go?”  “So bad as that?” The Judge forced a laugh. “What else?”  “You are not fooling with boys now!” sullenly said the towering white form. “Give me your answer, you dd old sneaking coward! Will you go or do you prefer to die?”  Butler, trembling now with mingled terror and rage, cried angrily:  “Gentlemen, your joke is going too far!”  “It’ll go farther,” was the quick reply, as the white figures closed in threateningly and the foremost man moved as if to raise his hand.  “Enough of this! Get out of my house!” Butler suddenly shouted, snatching the mask from the leader’s head by a quick unexpected display of courage. A cry of horror and surprise leaped from his lips. The knife flashed, and was buried in his heart. He reeled, staggered, clutched a chair and sank with a groan to a sitting posture. His long awkward arms drooped and his head sank slowly on his breast.  The leader, who had quickly replaced his helmet, bent over him a moment, sheathed his knife and said:  “A good strokeall rightquick nowopen the doors and follow me.”  The guard at the door leading into the ballroom opened it gently and the sweet strains of the music rang through the hall with startling distinctness, as the whitemasked figures slowly disappeared through the panel under the stairs.  Aunt Julie Ann who had heard the Judge’s cry and the sudden noise entered trembling.  “Name er God what’s dis!” she cried. “De light gone out! De ghost done dat!”  She turned up the lamp and saw the Judge sitting dead in the chair, the scarlet stain on his clean ruffled shirt holding her for a moment in speechless horror.  Screaming at last, she rushed to the ballroom door and shouted:  “De Lawd hab mussy! De ghost done kill de JudgeStab ’im fro de heart!”  The music stopped with a crash and the crowd rushed into the hall.  [Illustration: 0157]  Stella stared at the lifeless form, her beautiful face whiter than the dead, turned to the masqueraders huddled in a group, drew herself proudly erect, pointed to the door and said:  “Go!”  Silently and quickly they left, and as the last beat of their horses’ hoofs died away in the distance she lifted her face from her father’s hand which she had covered with kisses, and groaned:  “Forgive meforgive me! I have but one aim in life nowGod give me strength!”     BOOK IIA WOMAN’S REVENGE     CHAPTER ISTELLA’S RESOLUTION  THE murder of Judge Butler created a profound sensation both in the state and the nation. The Northern press held the Ku Klux Klan guilty of this atrocious crime without question, and it was the last straw needed to start an avalanche of hostile legislation in Congress against the entire South.  The famous Conspiracy Act was rushed through both houses of the National Legislature and signed by the President. It made membership in the secret order known as the Ku Klux Klan, or Invisible Empire, a felony, and provided for the trial of its members on the charge of treason, conspiracy and murder. The President was authorised to suspend the writ of _habeas corpus_ and proclaim martial law in any county of the Southern States, and use the army and navy to enforce his authority.  The Attorney General promptly placed the county of Independence under military government, stationed two regiments of troops within its borders, and set to work with scores of detectives to find the guilty man.  Two months passed without the slightest progress. Five thousand dollars reward was offered by the national authorities and a similar sum by the state. Not a trace of the man responsible for the deed could be found, though a price of ten thousand dollars was set thus on his head. A number of arrests had been made, but the evidence produced was of so flimsy a character that in each instance the prisoner could not be held.  The longer the case was probed, the deeper became its insoluble aspects. The “Butler Murder Mystery,” as it was popularly known, provoked the widest public discussion, both in the state and national press, yet no explanation from any quarter could be found.  The effects of the crime on the Ku Klux raiders was immediate. Not a trace of their existence was left. The enormity of the tragedy had evidently sobered the daredevils who had found amusement or personal profit in its activities. It now became the fashion to denounce the Klan and demand its extermination.  As the order had never had a spokesman, it had no defender. The demand for its suppression was universal. Yet no traitor had appeared among its ranks. The deepest curses of a race were reserved for the white lip that should betray its members. Whatever the leaders of public opinion might say, the masses of the people knew the necessity which had called this dreaded order into existencethe black threat of Negro dominion. Thousands of women and children knew its secrets and held them inviolate.  On Stella Butler the death of her father had wrought a deep and remarkable change. The funloving, imperious, selfwilled, spoiled child had suddenly become a serious woman. She had given every hour of her time assisting the authorities in their search for the murderer and had followed every possible clue with breathless hope.  Two forces had driven her into a morbid interest in the crime, pride and remorse. In mere laughing banter she had promised her father if a single insult should be offered him, or a hair of his head harmed, she would give her life to avenge the deed. She had not dreamed of such a possibility. But now that the impossible had happened, she would make good her word to the dead. And she would make it good, not only because she had promised and her heart was sick with remorse for the part she had unconsciously played in the tragedy, but for a deeper personal reasonthe consciousness of the insult to her pride which the crime had offered. The assassin had dared to strike her father dead in her home, in her very presence.  Had the knife sought her own heart she would have felt less deeply the wound. Somewhere even by her side there stood amid the shadows of life a being who could thus insult her by ignoring her very existence! She resolved to make that man feel her power by paying the penalty with his own life. An element of pitiless cruelty in her character found for the first time its expression in a passionate thirst for the blood of this criminal.  She had seen every effort to penetrate the mystery fail with increasing inward rage. Larkin, who had charge of the Judge’s campaign, had been aggressive and untiring for two weeks and then had given up and returned to his duties as Chairman of the State Executive Committee.  The Attorney General announced his departure for Washington and ordered the withdrawal of the troops and detectives.  Stella hastened to send her burning protest against his action. General Champion, who had been deeply moved by her beauty and evident suffering, called personally at the old Graham mansion for an interview. He received her indignant protests with the gravest courtesy.  “Please don’t tell me, General,” she began bitterly, “that my father’s death is an apparently insoluble mystery. I am sick, sick, sick of hearing such rubbish! Eight weeks ago he was murdered in cold blood in this hall on the very spot where you are now sitting. It was not done by ghosts, it was not an accident, it was done by a living man. I refuse to recognise in it an act of Providence. I will not wear an emblem of mourning as long as this man breathes on earth. I have sworn it My father was in the service of his country attempting to enforce its laws. I have the right to demand that a rich and powerful government avenge his death. It is incredible that the coward who did this crime can not be caught and punished.”  “Upon the other hand, my dear child,” said the General, “I assure you that the apprehension of this criminal is one of the most difficult tasks ever assigned the Department of Justice.”  “And why, pray?”  “Because in this climate the Invisible Empire is yet stronger than the visible”  “You believe then that the Klan committed the deed?” she asked  “As sure of it as that I live. If we were dealing with the ordinary criminal, it would be easy. We are dealing with larger problems. Every clue we have found has proven false for this reason. The man really responsible stands at our elbow did we but know the truth.”  “What do you mean?” Stella asked with sudden interest.  “That your father’s death was ordered by an inner circle of the Invisible Empire. He was probably executed by an individual who did not even know his name. The occasion of the masquerade ball was simply utilised for the purpose. Unless we know the name of the Chief of the Klan in this state no progress can be made. This man has the power of life and death over his men. No such deed could have been committed without his order.”  “And you are going to give up the search?” was the eager question.  “For the present yes. It is a waste of time.”  “And you have formed no idea as to who this Chief may be?” asked the big brown eyes, flashing with a new purpose.  “I haven’t a scrap of evidence that can be used in an Englishspeaking court of justicebut I am morally certain that I know the man.”  “And if you knew him by his own confession?”  “I could send him to the gallows within thirty days.”  “The man you suspect?”  “John Graham!”  Stella sprang to her feet, her face white with an emotion which stopped for a moment her very heartbeat.  “Within a month I’ll tell you the truth”she said with laboured breath.  “Can you do it?”  “Beyond the shadow of a doubt!” was her firm answer.  The General seized her hand as he took his leave.  “If you do, my child, you will destroy an empire mightier than the law of the land. I’ll place the entire resources of the Department of Justice at your command.”  Stella’s brown eyes rested on her own beautiful reflection in the mirror as she slowly said:  “Thank you, General, I have at present all the weapons I shall need.”     CHAPTER IIWEIGHED AND FOUND WANTING  STELLA was putting the last touches to a perfect toilet before meeting Steve Hoyle who was waiting impatiently below. She had given him the sign for which he had long prayed, her permission for the formal renewal of his suit. They had remained friends on condition that he keep silent on the subject until she gave him permission to speak. She had done this in the most delicate way in the note of reply she had sent in the afternoon to his request for permission to call.  She had determined to take Steve by storm tonight. The secret on which her heart was set she counted already within her grasp, yet she would leave no stone unturned, neglect no trick in all the known realm of woman’s art to make her victory absolute.  Her refusal to put on black at her father’s funeral, or wear it since, and her declaration that his death was not the act of God but of the devil, had shocked the traditionloving Southern people beyond measure. Maggie had lost no time in telling her their comments. She heard them with contempt and proceeded to shock her critics still worse by establishing herself permanently in the great lonely house with only Aunt Julie Ann as her guardian.  Her whole being was fused into a single deathless purposeto take the life of the man who had killed her father. She would stop at no means to accomplish this end, and she would treat with scorn every convention of society which might interfere.  She slowly descended the winding stairs tonight before Steve’s enraptured gaze, dressed in pure white with full train. A single deep red rose was set in her black hair. Her arms were bare and their beauty was perfectstarting with the tiniest wrists and swelling into full voluptuous splendour above the dimpled elbows. She had a way of moving them when she walked which was modest yet subtle in sensuous suggestion.  Steve watched her spellbound. She placed her hand in his with a tender smile, the brown eyes watching the effects of her beauty with quiet triumph.  She allowed Steve to silently lead her to the old davenport under the stairs and take his seat by her side.  “You meant what your letter implied?” he asked eagerly.  “I did,” was the firm answer.  “It seemed too good to be true, dear, yet I felt sure that you would need me in this crisis of your life.”  “I do need you. I wonder if you will prove wanting when put to the test?”  “Try me!” he boldly challenged.  “You are sure that you love me with a love that will endure through good and evil, through life and death, through every test?”  She leaned close, her eyes searching Steve’s soul.  The man drew a deep breath and his hand grasped hers with fierce passion.  “I love you beyond the power of words to tellI worship you!” he cried, attempting instinctively to draw her into his arms.  “Yes I know,” she answered, lifting her hand in warning, “you love me that wayI don’t say it displeases meI have a soul and I have a body too. There’s something big, fierce, and strong in you, Steve, that always drew methat draws me to you tonightbut I want to know if your love goes deeper than the body; if it’s big enough, true enough to dare anything in this world or the next for the woman you love?”  “Yes!” he cried.  “You love me better than money?”  “Yes!”  “Better than power?”  “Yes!”  “Better than your own life?”  “Yes!” he whispered, crushing her hand in his.  “Suppose I should put you to a test and you should fail?”  “With your eyes calling me I’d dare the terrors of hell!”  She took both his hands, fixed her eyes on his until their warm brown light enfolded him with tenderness:  “Give me the name of the Chief of the Ku Klux Klan in North Carolina,”  she whispered.  Steve’s face went white, and he stammered:  “Whywhymy dearhowcanI? I don’t know him. It’s impossible!”  “Nothing is impossible to the man who loves me if I desire it,” she answered, firmly holding Steve with her eyes dilated to extraordinary size under the tension of her deep emotion.  He turned from her gaze, the cold sweat breaking out on his forehead.  “But, Stella, my dear, I’m not a member of the Klan.”  She dropped his hand, sprang to her feet, and looked at him a moment.  “You are lying!”  “I swear I’m telling you the truth,” he cried, eagerly attempting to regain her hand.  She turned from him with contempt. She saw too late that she had overplayed the part. She had been too eager, too sure. He was a greater coward than she had suspected.  “But why should you ask such a thing of me?” he stammered.  “You know why.”  “I haven’t the remotest idea.”  “Coward!” she hissed, turning suddenly. “You know that I wish to hang this man for the murder of my father.”  “If the Government of the United States with its army and navy and its millions cannot find himam I a coward because I tell you that I do not know his name?”  “Yes.”  “In God’s name why?” he pleaded.  “I know that you are a member of the Klan.”  “Upon my soul and honour I swear that I am not!”  “Have you either soul or honour?”  “I won’t quarrel with you, dear; you are overwrought and crushed by this tragedy. You don’t mean what you say.”  “I do mean it!” she fiercely cried.  “Then you’ll live to regret it,” he answered, recovering his composure. “I’ll do anything within human reason. You must not ask the impossible.”  “Then you will help me to find this man?”  “To the limit of my power.”  “Why say to the limit of my power? I hate a man who fences, squirms and lies when face to face with a test of his manhood! Will you help me find this man? Yes or no?”  “Yes.”  “That’s better.”  “But tell me,” he said, watching her with increasing reserve and cunning. “Whom do you suspect?”  “John Graham.”  Steve’s eyes flashed.  “And what is your programme when you have established the fact?”  “The Attorney General has promised to hang him within thirty days.”  “With all due respect to the Attorney Generalhe can’t do it.”  “Why not?”  “We are living under conditions of revolution. No jury can be found who will convict him. There’s but one way.”  “What do you mean?” Stella asked, lowering her voice.  “That beyond a doubt John Graham inspired this crime.”  “You believe it?” she broke in fiercely.  “I’m sure of it. His hatred of the Judge had become a mania. He used the Klan as the cloak of his hired assassin.”  “The Klan decreed his death,” said Stella sternly.  “John Graham decreed it.”  “What do you propose?” she asked, again coming close to Steve.  “To have him executed by the Klan itself!”  “And yet you are not a member?” she asked with a smile.  “I am in touch with men who are.”  “How could his execution be brought about?”  “Ask him the question you put to me.”  “And if he tells?”  “He will forfeit his life.”  Stella’s eyes rested a moment on the chair in which her father fell the night of his death. She turned and gazed into Steve’s face with a strange absent expression in her eyes as though they were seeing a picture which had etched itself in fire on her soul.  “I’m going to cultivate Mr. Graham’s acquaintance,” she slowly said. “I’ll learn from his own lips if he is the leader of the Ku Klux Klan.”  “And if you find that he is?”  “I may hold you to your pledge!”  “And on the day he is executed.”  “I will marry you!”     CHAPTER IIITHE TRAP IS SET  THE next morning Steve Hoyle left town and Stella began at once to put into execution her plan to entrap John Graham in the meshes of her beauty and deliver him to justice. She felt instinctively that if this man with his intense and romantic nature ever yielded to the spell of her love, there could be no limit to which he would not go at her bidding. With equal certainty she realised that the task would be a delicate onea task which might put to the test every power she possessed. Her whole being rose to the work with a thrill of keen, cruel interestthe interest of the primitive huntress on track of the rarest, wildest and most daring game.  The first difficulty which apparently opened an impassable gulf between them was the suit which John Graham had begun to regain possession of the estate. The language in which his complaint had been drawn was the limit of bitter accusation permitted in a legal documentparts of it, indeed, the Court had ordered stricken from the record as scandalous and irrelevant.  Stella’s eyes danced with excitement as she read in the morning’s paper the announcement of his withdrawal of this suit. The news was accompanied by a brief statement which might have been written as a personal apology to her for the language he had used.  _“I beg leave to say to the public in withdrawing this action that I regret the overheated language in which the original complaint was expressed.”_  Without a moment’s hesitation she seized her pen and wrote him an invitation to call. Her words revealed the deeply laid scheme on which her mind had seized in a flash of inspiration. She read and reread it carefully:  _My dear Mr. Graham:_  _Permit me to thank you for the manly words of retraction which you have used in this morning’s paper.Your withdrawal of this suit and the generous manner in which it was done, removes the only barrier to our friendly acquaintance. I wish to renew it, and ask you to please accept at once the position of my personal attorney in the settlement of my father’s estate. Your influence in the courts of North Carolina, your eloquence and genius will, be of invaluable service to an orphan girl who needs the advice of one on whose integrity she can absolutely rely._  _Trusting that you may honour me by answering this request in person at three o’clock this afternoon._  _Sincerely,_  _Stella Butler._  John Graham could not believe his senses when he first read this letter. The boy had turned and gone without waiting for an answer and he sat stupefied by a whirl of conflicting emotions.  He read it again, bent and kissed her name. He had never before seen her handwriting. He studied it with curious interest. Its deep lines revealed with startling distinctness traits of a remarkable character. It was full of long strokes of the pen with equal emphasis across, up and down. The letters were unevenly formed, showing the selfwilled, imperious spirit that had refused to copy the lines set by another hand, and yet the effect was pleasing and held the eye in a continuous surprise at its sensational curves and dashes. Through every line he felt the throb of an intense nature, which seemed to sink into inaudible whispers of emotion in the queer little twists of the pen with which each sentence ended.  He placed the note in an inner pocket. Had he received this invitation yesterday, he would have locked his doors, shouted and danced for joy at the opportunity to press her hand again and look into those deep brown eyes that haunted him waking or dreaming. Now it was a serious question. Within twentyfour hours he had received confirmation of two suspicions which had oppressed him since the night of Butler’s deaththat his father might have committed the deed and that Billy was in the party of masqueraders.  In either case, the stain of the Judge’s blood was on the house of Graham and the Angel of Death stood with drawn sword barring the way of his happiness. He would not seek the hand of Stella with the blood of her father on his own. He would accept the moral responsibility of his father’s act or that of his younger brother. He had reproached himself bitterly that he had neglected to know and teach his highstrung younger brother as he might. The mother dead, his father a hopeless mental invalid, Billy had grown up with no hand to guide his wayward fancy. It was not to be wondered at that he soon recognised no authority save that of his own will.  Stella’s request had brought John face to face with the problems of his father and Billy. He must know the truth before he could answer that letter. Better to strangle the love that was fast swelling in his heart than wait until the hour when the call of love might drown the voice of honour.  He left his office and went at once to his father’s room. The Major was dressed with his habitual care, his linen spotless, his boots carefully polished, his thin white hair brushed straight back from his high forehead. He was seated in his armchair, gently stroking with his chalkwhite bony hand his delicate ghostly beard, while delivering to Alfred one of his interminable talks of the old life in the South. At times he forgot the war and the horrors which followed and reenacted the scenes of the past until his former slave, too full to bear more, would stop him tenderly, and get him to change the subject.  “Leave us awhile, Alfred,” John said, on entering.  “Yassah,” the old butler answered, bowing himself out with stately dignity.  John closed the door and drew his chair close to the Major’s.  “Father, I want to ask you something very particular,” he began.  The old man smiled indulgently.  “Well, out with it, you young rascal! You’ve been flying round her long enough. I knew it would come at last. So she’s got you, has she! Well, well, Jennie’s a fine girl, my boy; I danced at her father’s and mother’s wedding. I wish I had more to give you. You’ll have to be content with the lower plantation, and a dozen slaves to start with.”  “Listen, father,” John urged, stopping him with a gentle pressure on his arm. “And try to remember. Have you encountered Butler lately?”  “Change our butler!what better butler do you want than Alfred? He’s an aristocrat to his finger tips. I wouldn’t think of reducing him from his present rank; what has he done to offend any one?”  “I mean the Judge who took the houseI mean Judge Butler.”  “Ah! A man of low origin and no principle, my sona renegade who betrayed his people for thirty pieces of silversilver stained with blooda dirty, contemptible officeseeker. I wouldn’t lower myself by speaking to such a man.”  “Yes, I know father,” John broke in, “but I’m trying to recall to your memory the visits you have made at night lately to the old home.”  “Of course, I love the old home. I was born here. I brought my bride here. I’ll never leave it except for a better world.”  John felt a lump rise in his throat and rose to go. It was useless. Besides, the thing was unthinkable. How could this feeble old man spring on one of Butler’s physique and stab him to death. He couldn’t, except in a moment of superhuman frenzy which sometimes comes to the insane. There was the thought which returned again and again to torment him! Aunt Julie Ann declared the ghost was seen to pass through the hall and go upstairs but a few moments before the tragedy. Yes, it was possible.  John peered into his father’s restless eyes with a mad desire to lift the mysterious veil that obscured the world from his vision. The horror of the sickening tragedy strangled him and he turned, abruptly leaving the room.  He sought Billy with a growing sense of helpless and bitter despair. Since the day of their brief quarrel which followed the demonstration before old Larkin, Billy had avoided John. Since Butler’s death they had scarcely spoken. The effect of this tragedy on his headstrong younger brother first led John to suspect his membership in the newly organised Klan under Steve’s leadership.  John found him in his room reading.  “Billy, I must have a serious talk with you,” the older brother began.  “All right, sit down,” the boy answered, laying aside his book.  “A youngster of eighteen who keeps to his room for days at a time and reads is either sick or has something on his mind.”  “Which do you think?” Billy asked, looking vaguely out the window.  “I’ll answer you by asking a question, and I want you to answer on the honour of a Graham. Are you a member of Steve Hoyle’s Klan?”  “You have no right to ask that question,” was the hot reply.  “Yes, I have,” John slowly said, “for two reasons. As the organiser of the original Ku Klux Klan in this state I hold myself in a measure responsible for its existence even in its lowest forms. But that’s not all, my boy, you’re my brother, and I love you.”  Billy’s eyes blinked and he looked at the ceiling. He had never heard such an expression from John’s lips before.  “I wish I’d slipped my arm around you and told you that long ago. I’ve always been proud of your highstrung, sensitive spirit, proud in my own heart that we were of the same blood, and I want to ask you to forgive me for seeing so little of you and being of so little help to you.”  A sob caught the boy’s breath.  “You’ll let me help you now?” John asked tenderly, extending his hand.  Billy rose trembling, his eyes running over with tears, took a step toward the door, turned and threw himself into John’s arms, sobbing bitterly.  The older brother held him close for a moment in silence, and slowly said at last:  “Now tell me.”  “I was at Judge Butler’s that night!”  John sank to a chair with a groan.  “My God! I knew it!”  “But, of course, you know that I had nothing to do with any attack on a man in whose house I was a guest,” he went on rapidly. “The whole thing is a horrible mystery to us all. Every man in our crowd was in the ballroom dancing.”  “How did you know that?” John interrupted sharply.  “Because I counted them as they entered.”  “_You_ counted them?”  “Yes.”  “Then you were in command of the crowd?” Billy hesitated a moment, and said:  “Yes!”  John drew a deep breath and turned his head away in anguish.  “I could not resist the temptation to lead them. I wanted to see inside the old house againyou understand. I never dreamed of anything happening.”  “None of the boys were drinking?”  “No, and there wasn’t a fool among themthey were all my chums and friends in town.”  “Then go at once and tell them that I say to put a thousand miles between them and this town in the next fortyeight hoursto Texas if possible.”  “Why?” asked Billy with a touch of wounded pride.  “There are a hundred reasonsone is enough. There’s a price on the head of the man who committed that crime.”  “My men didn’t do it!”  “Granted. But one of these fine days a whitelivered traitor may crawl from your Klan and claim his reward of gold or office. You will be convicted in ten minutes.”  Billy turned pale, and straightened his boyish figure.  “Well, I’ll tell my men to go. I’ll not run.”  “You can serve your men best by going. The bravest general always knows when to retreat.”  “I’ll stand my ground.”  “You must go. I can fight for you better with a thousand miles between us. I’ll play a trick on my Yankee friends this time. I’m going to send you North into the enemy’s countryto college.”  Billy was trembling now with a new excitement. His heart was set on a college career and he hadn’t as yet hoped to find the way.  “How will you do it?” he asked eagerly.  “Old Nickaroshinski will take my note. I’ll borrow the money.”  The boy smiled for the first time in a month.  “Oh! John, you’ve taken a load off my soul.”  John’s hand crushed the letter from Stella, which he was unconsciously grasping in his pocket.  “And you’ve piled one on my soul under which I’ll stagger to the grave,”  he cried within, outwardly answering with a smile and warm grip of the hand as he said:  “Quick now, boy. Don’t lose a minute. There will be some heartbroken mothers in town tomorrow night. There’s but one choice: the plains of the West, or a prison pen.”  “I’ll go at once,” Billy cried, seizing his hat and hastily leaving.  Pale and haggard, John slowly returned to his office. He looked at his watch. It was five minutes to three. Stella was waiting to receive him. He could hear the low sweet tones of her voice greeting him, and see her great brown eyes smiling their welcome.  But his mind was made up. Safety lay in flight. He wrote a brief reply to her letter.  _My dear Miss Butler:_  _I thank you for the honour you do me in the request you make. I regret that I cannot see my way clear at present to accept your offer. I have many reasons, and I beg you to believe that they are very serious onesotherwise I would hasten to answer in person your call._  _With sincere regrets,_  _John Graham_  Stella received the note with mingled surprise and rage, and immediately wired the Attorney General in the cipher code he had given her asking for the assistance for two months of the best detective the Secret Service could command.  General Champion replied within two hours. “Mr. Ackerman leaves here tonight. He will report to you in Independence tomorrow.”     CHAPTER IVACKERMAN SECURES A PLEDGE   ACKERMAN sent to Stella his letter of introduction from the Attorney General, stating that he would call the following day and report progress.  General Champion’s letter had raised the highest hopes by the declaration that the young detective had developed a well defined and intelligent theory on which to conduct the prosecution of the case.  Stella awaited his call impatiently. She had pictured the ideal detective of romance and could not conceal her amazement at his personal appearance when she extended her hand to greet him.  His voice was soft and low as her own, his face wreathed in smilesand such a face!plump, rosy cheeked, young, fresh and boyish, save for the slightest touch of gray in the dark hair about his temples. His eye alone, to the close student of men, might have revealed his profession. It looked a steady blaze of light from beneath straight intellectual brows.  “You had better understand at once, Miss Butler,” he began, “that I am a prosperous young business man from the North at present engaged in the organisation of cotton mills in the South.”  Stella could not repress a smile, as she said:  “I must say you look the part.”  “I have engaged board at Mrs. Wilson’s and asked Mr. John Graham to act as my attorney in the organisation of a company in this county.”  “I see,” she cried, for the first time catching the steady light of Ackerman’s eye.  “I cannot be seen in conference with you. We will report to each other by letter. But we must clearly understand each other. Am I right that you mean to press this case to the bitter end, let the blow fall on whom it may?”  “Certainly,” was the firm answer.  “I learn from the Attorney General’s office that you are on the track of the man who is Commanderinchief of the Klan in this state?”  “Yes.”  “Pardon another question. I must know if you are in dead earnest? I have found that women have little tenacity of purpose in such cases and as a rule cannot be depended on.”  “I’ll show you that they are not all alike!” Stella broke in angrily.  “Then may I ask that if you succeed in securing this name that you will place it in my hands without a moment’s delay?”  “At once.”     CHAPTER VIN THE TOILS  STELLA determined to make one more direct appeal to John Graham before resorting to indirect subterfuges for the purpose of meeting him.  She wrote half a dozen letters and tore them up. They lacked simplicity. The only effective appeal to this man must disarm all suspicion of subtlety. It must be natural, sincere and ring true. She found it a very difficult thing to express in cold written words one thing and mean another, and yet preserve the ring of truth and sincerity. At last she wrote a letter which seemed to be effective. She read it over and over, and added to the paper the faintest touch of delicate perfume, an old extract of sweet pinks, which she had used the night of their meeting. She laid it aside and waited an hour to carefully read it again. It was too important to risk a failure. Should he once suspect an ulterior purpose of any kind her plan must end in utter defeat. She spent an hour walking through the lawn, returned and read again the letter.  It seemed cold, stiff and artificial, and the touch of perfume obvious and vulgar. It lacked the magnetism of personality. She had no power to convey this as yet in words. She must see him face to face, hold him with the deep charm of her great eyes, and enfold him with the spell of her beauty.  “I must see him,” she cried“or I’ll fail! If I can only touch his hand, stand by his side and look into his face, I’ll win.”  She walked to the window and stood thoughtful a moment. Suddenly her eyes lighted.  “I’ll do it! I’ll go to his dingy office and ask for his services as any other client. Why not? His sign is a standing invitation to the world. How stupid of me to be wasting paper!”  In five minutes she was on the way. Her dress was a simple girlish pattern of green dimity. A quaint bonnet of the period, flaring wide and high in front, its tiny circular crown tilted, with ribbon tied under her dainty chin, made a picture no artist could pass without a sigh.  She stopped before the wroughtiron weatherbeaten sign which hung from the doorway leading up a flight of stairs to the young lawyer’s office. Her heart fluttered with a moment of uncertainty as she felt herself standing on the threshold of the most daring step of her life. The plain gold letters of the sign held her with a strange fascination:   JOHN GRAHAM   ATTORNEY AND COUNSELLOR   AT LAW  She had never noticed this piece of plain black iron before, and yet somehow it seemed a part of the record of her deep inner life, and, as it moved, gently stirred by the soft breezes of a Southern day, creaking on the rod from which it hung, the sound thrilled her with a feeling of strange terror. She turned quickly away, her heart pounding with excitement, and began to retrace her steps.  She walked a block, stopped, flushed red, frowned and turned on her heels.  “I’ll not be a silly coward. I’ll not look back again until it’s done.”  This time she walked firmly up the stairs and gently knocked on his door.  John had just finished his business with Nickaroshinski.  The old Jew had accepted his personal note unsecured by any endorsement for the money needed to send Billy north to college. He sat in brooding silence, idly holding between his fingers the paper on which he had recorded the memorandum of his new indebtedness. He was not worrying over his ability to payof that he felt sure. Butler had answered his suit by removing the order of his disbarment on Larkin’s advice the day of the County Convention. His practice gave promise of a comfortable living.  It was Billy’s flight, which was arranged for the following day, that had focussed his thoughts on the miserable tragedy which had raised still another barrier between him and his possible approach to Stella.  The knock on his door had not interrupted the train of his thought. He was looking through his window into the deep blue of the infinite skies, and linking in fancy the mysteries of their changing lights to those which flashed from the fathomless depths of the eyes of the woman he loved.  He had mechanically answered the knock without moving and still sat wideeyed and dreaming when the rustle of Stella’s dress and the echo of her soft footfall startled him.  He turned in amazement, stared, suddenly sprang to his feet, his face flushed with excitement. Surely he was asleepdreaming! Or had the picture in his soul suddenly stepped from the infinite into the flesh and blood of the finite in answer to the yearning call of his heart! A hundred wild thoughts swept his imagination in the brief moment before he could speak.  “I fear I’ve startled you!” she said, drawing back with a timid gesture.  “Why, whyit’s youMiss Butler! I hadn’t dreamed of seeing you in this dingy office!”  He stammered and hesitated, and continued to gaze at her in confusion.  “May I sit down?” she asked softly.  “I beg a thousand pardons,” he answered, springing across the room for a chair. He dumped a pile of law books from itbrushed the dust from the bottom and placed it before her.  “Believe me,” he went on, “I was so astonished at seeing you, I thought I must have fallen asleepyou see it was too beautiful to be trueI thought it must be a dream.”  “Well, there was nothing left but to humble myself and call on youyou refused to call on me.”  “I can never tell you how sorry I was to have to write that note,” he said gravely.  “I’m glad, for I refuse to take your letter as final. You said there were many and serious reasons why you could not act as my counsel. I’ve come to hear them.”  “I assure you they are serious enough, Miss Butler. I fear it will not be possible for me to state them.”  “Then I refuse to accept them,” she answered with a smile.  John gazed at her, wondering if she could know what havoc her sweet appealing smile was playing with his resolutions.  He tried to speak and couldn’t.  Stella continued, her voice low and musical with childlike tenderness:  “I know that my father was your political foe, but he had the profoundest respect for your ability and your high sense of honour. His death will doubtless remain one of the unexplained tragedies of the troubles through which the country is now passing.”  She rose and slowly approached John’s chair, her great brown eyes blinding him with their light as she gently laid a white hand on his shoulder.  He started at her touch.  “Mr. Graham,” she said, with exquisite tenderness, “life is too short to cherish its bitter feuds.”  “Yes,” he answered in a whisper barely audible.  “I am utterly alone and distressed over business affairs I do not understand. I have implicit faith in you. I need your help and advice. Will you refuse me what you would grant without question to a stranger who would call at this office and ask?”  John flushed and fumbled his hands nervously.  “Come, you will accept, will you not?” She extended her hand. “Shall we be friends?”  He trembled for a moment and his own hand resistlessly sought hers.  “Yes!” he cried with deep emotion, unconsciously crushing her hand in his.  “You will come tomorrow morning to the house and go over the papers with me?”  “Tomorrow afternoon,” he replied, as a momentary cloud shadowed his brow. “I have an important engagement for the morning.” And he thought of Billy with a pang.  “Then tomorrow afternoon,” she cried, with a tender smile that lingered as a caress long after she had passed from the door.     CHAPTER VITHE TRAIN FOR THE NORTH  ONE by one the boys engaged in the masquerade at the Judge’s the night of his death slipped out of Independence from various nearby stations and left for the West. An hour before the time for Billy’s train going North John went to his room for a chat before saying goodbye. Billy had begun to unpack his trunk.  John seized his arm.  “What’s thiswhat’s the matter?”  “I’m not going!” he snapped.  “Why not?”  “I’ve found out that you may be put on trial for your life.”  “Well, what’s that got to do with your education?”  “You’re just packing me off to get me out of danger.”  “Suppose I am?”  “I’m not going to sneak out of trouble and leave you to stand for what I’ve done.”  “I’m responsible, my boy.”  “You’re not. You tried to keep me out of it. I got Steve Hoyle to take me in. I knew what I was doing. I was a headstrong fool.”  “Because you’ve been a fool is no reason why you should keep it up. Don’t talk any more nonsense. Hurryput your clothes back in that trunkyou must catch this train.”  “No!” was the dogged answer.  John put his hand on the boy’s shoulder.  “You must do it for me, Billy. I’m trying to make good my failure. I ought to have been both father and mother to you. I was neitherI didn’t know howforgive me! I let you slip away. It seems to me now it would have been very easy for me to have taken you by the hand, and with a jolly word or two and a little pains and a little friendly comradeship, I could have kept you out of trouble. I’m heartsick over it, boy. You must let me atone in this way. You can do no good by staying. You’ll be in the way when trouble comes. You’ll promise me now, because I ask youwon’t you?”  The boy choked back a sob.  “I’ll go on one condition”  “Well?”  “If you get in trouble about this thing, that you’ll let me know.”  John grasped his hand:  “I promise you.”  Mrs. Wilson and Susie accompanied them to the station. As the train signalled to pull out Billy shook hands with Susie awkwardly and tried to take leave of her mother in the same way, but Mrs. Wilson broke down, threw her arms around his neck and sobbed:  “Billy, darling, you’re my own sweet boyI love youI love you! You’ll write to me every weekwon’t you?”  Billy promised, disengaging himself in evident embarrassment and trying to hide his tears.  Moved by a sudden impulse Susie smiled, drew Billy’s head down and kissed him.  “For the high honour you once paid me. I shall expect great things of you, Billy.”  As the train started, he gripped John’s hand:  “Remember, we stand together. We are GrahamsI’ll hold you to your promise!”  John saw Ackerman join Susie and caught the sudden flash of his keen eye.  He touched his lip in sign of warning to Billy and waved his hand.  “I’ll remember! Good luck!”     CHAPTER VIITHE DAUGHTER OF EVE  STELLA had piled on the big oblong oak table in the library the letters and legal documents relating to her father’s estate.  She had determined to treat John Graham’s first visit as a purely business one, and make her approach to him by the more subtle way of childlike dependence on his help and advice.  She wore on purpose the same simple green dimity dress in which she had called at his office. Each step in her plans must be taken with the utmost care. He had masked his feelings with an iron will and she could as yet form no conception of the impression she had made.  Seated beside the table, idly turning the papers, she awaited his coming tonight with the keenest interest, every faculty of her being keyed to the highest pitch of power.  A letter from Ackerman had aroused anew her curiosity over every detail of the murder of her father and had given her a definite purpose toward which to work during John’s visit. She studied carefully again the paragraph in which he said:  _“I have made several important discoveries in the past twentyfour hours.That old Isaac has left the county and is not holding a sanctification meeting as he told his wife.That Larkin and your father had a violent quarrel on the day of the Convention.That a dozen young men, one at a time, have left Independence recently.And most important, that the tradition that there is a secret passage somewhere into the Graham house must be true. If you can confirm this fourth fact for me by its discovery my work will be greatly helped.”_  Stella had quietly ransacked the house from cellar to attic in vain searching for this secret way. She had questioned Aunt Julie Ann without results, and had made up her mind to gain from John first this important fact.  The brass knocker struck three sharp strokes on the front door. With a quick, catlike movement she concealed Ackerman’s letter in her bosom, smoothed her dress, and as the young lawyer entered, rose and greeted him with a gracious smile.  “I must thank you again for undertaking this work for me,” she said, taking his hand. “It is such a relief to feel that it is now in the hands of one who understandsone I can trust implicitly.”  “It will be a pleasure if I can serve you,” he answered gravely.  “I have the papers all spread out here ready for you.”  “Pardon me, if I look about the room a moment,” John said with deep emotion. “You see I haven’t been in this room before for years. I spent many happy hours in it, in the old days.”  “I hope this will not be the last time you will enter, now that we are going to be friends. When we have time you must take me all through in every nook and cornershow me all the secret closets and dark passageways and tell me its history.”  “Yes, of course”he answered with an absent look.  “I don’t believe you were listening to what I said at all,” she exclaimed with mock anger. “A penny for your real thoughts!”  “May I be bold enough to tell you just what I was thinking?”  “Yes.”  “I was thinking,” he said with a sober smile, “what a beautiful picture you make in this old oak panelled room. The delicate lines of your face seem at home here as though the master workman who carved the figure in that mantel had seen you in a vision while he was at work.”  “What a dreamer you are!” she laughed.  “And you are willing to trust me as a lawyer?”  “Absolutely.”  “Then I must prove myself worthy, mustn’t I?”  “The papers are ready”she said, bustling about the table and mixing the bundles in greater confusion with an attempt at arranging them in business order.  John seated himself and began to examine them. She bent over his shoulder saying with a light laugh:  “I’ll do my best to explain themthey are all Greek to mebut you’ll understand.”  “I’m sure there will be no great difficulty.”  He ran rapidly over the bundles and in half an hour had made memorandums of each division of the work before him. He took up one of the packages and began its careful reading, but the writing faded. He could hear Stella softly breathing as she bent near him and see the beautiful little hand resting on the table. He was seized with a mad impulse to grasp it and clasp her in his arms. He smiled and placed his hand on his forehead a moment lest she might see his confusion. He could endure it no longer. He must leave and regain control of himself.  He tied the packages of papers together and rose.  “You are going so soon?” she asked.  “Yes, I’ll take them down to my office. It will require several hours to go over them.”  “You will come again tomorrow?” she said softly.  “I’ll report to you again tomorrow evening.”  “I shall expect you at eight,” she said, extending her hand.  He held it unconsciously for an instant, and wondered if she could feel the pounding of his heart.  He came each evening for a week and spent two hours in the library with Stella until every letter and paper had been thoroughly examined. In a hundred little ways she had made him feel the power and charm of her personality; in no way so keenly, perhaps, as in the long silences during which she sat near with her great brown eyes watching him intently. He could feel their deep mysterious light in whatever direction he turned. In no other way could she have made so powerful an appeal to his imagination. To his poetic fancy, this capacity for silent comradeship in a girl so young revealed a depth of character which he had not suspected.  The real depth of its meaning he could not dream. The moments of exultant triumph, of breathless suspense, of merciless cruelty with which she watched him slowly entering the trap she had set, were safely concealed beneath the childlike expression of her beautiful face.  Each night he felt his resolution to allow no word of love to pass his lips harder and harder to keep. And each night she watched with increasing excitement his gradual approach to the brink of the precipice to which she silently beckoned.  On the night of his final report when the work was finished, she looked at him intently and said: “Now, I’m going to hold you to your promise.”  “And have I broken one?”  “Only forgotten it, I thinkyou must go over the old house with meevery nook and corner. But before we start, come, you are tired, I’ve some refreshments for you.”  She led the way into the dining room where she had prepared a dainty supper. Aunt Julie Ann in spotless white cap and apron, stood smiling her welcome. The table was lighted with a dozen wax candles set in two old silver candelabra which had belonged to the Graham family more than a hundred years, until they had fallen with the house and its furnishings into the Judge’s hands.  Stella seated herself at one end of the table which had been shortened to its smallest size and placed John at the other. Her position, the lights and the effects of the picture in his imagination, she had carefully planned and rehearsed before his arrival. She meant to win tonight.  Behind her stood the rich old mahogany sideboard of Colonial pattern, the Graham silver flashing in the quaint gold mirror which hung above it. In the mirror her own image was clearly reflected. The man opposite could look into her face and at the same time see in the shining silvery picture above the sideboard the black ringlets of curling hair at the back of her neck, as well as the exquisite lines of her figure.  John gazed at her in silent wonder. Never had he seen a picture so appealing in its beauty to every sense of his being. He felt that she was born to sit at that table amid such surroundings.  She lifted the teapot to fill his cup:  “This little feast is to celebrate the completion of our work.”  “And seal our friendship, may I hope?” he broke in with a smile.  “Yes,” she answered in a whisper.  These soft notes of her voice thrilled the man before her, and his whole being quivered in response to their call. He wondered if he could conceal the hunger with which he was looking into her eyes.  He had always thought her the most beautiful being he had ever seen, but tonight for the first time she had dressed specially to receive him, and his imagination had not dreamed the pictureHer beauty fairly stunned him.  Her dress was of filmy zephyrlike white chiffon, cut low to show the full lines of the neck and shoulders. Around the upper part of her beautiful bare arms, where they melted into the shoulders, was drawn a scarf of delicate lace. Where it crossed the waist line in V shape, was pinned an ivorytype miniature portrait of her proud mother, painted at her own age of twenty, which looked so strikingly like the living form above, it might have been taken for the image of a twin sister. A sash of pink ribbon encircled her figure. The skirt hung in full puffy lines draped over a number of underskirts after the fashion of the period. The bottom of the skirt was finished with a border of lace on the top of which were set at intervals clusters of little pink roses wrought in silk.  Her curly crown of black hair was parted in the middle and drawn low on the side of the face in two great waves and tied behind with a pink ribbon. The long ends were curled into four strands and thrown carelessly around her neck in front and hung to the waist. Her head was circled with a tiny wreath of the living pink roses from which the silk ones had been modelled. To John’s fancy this wreath against her black hair seemed the jewelled crown of a queen set in priceless rubies.  She poured the tea with her bare arm uplifted in a fascinating pose, the right arm curved just enough to tilt the teapot and yet preserve the dimple at her elbow. In all his life he could not remember an arm like theseso graceful, so seductive each little movement, they seemed to possess a conscious soul of their own. Her whole being spoke the charm of the boundless vitality of youth just budding into perfect womanhood. Her delicate skin flashed its tints in harmony with every mood of thought in her voice. She had as a divine gift a sensitiveness of expression, so acute that it could be controlled by the fierce will which hid beneath the velvet surface. She could blush at will because her imagination was so vivid that she could direct its powers by a subtle process of autosuggestion.  John had not realised until he saw her eat how wonderful were the lines of her luscious lips. He felt that he could sit there forever and watch her dainty wrist and tapering fingers lift the cup. Her eyes were friendly tonight! They looked at him with dreamy tenderness, a childlike trust, and perfect faith.  How could he live through the evening without telling her of his love! Yet he must keep silent. He felt with deep foreboding an approaching catastrophe which must soon overwhelm the men who had created an Empire whose power they could not control. That Empire had left a stain of blood on the floor of this housea stain that must forever darken his own life and hersand yethow could he give her up?  He rose from the table at her suggestion and followed her in a spell as she lifted a silver candlestick above her head and started to explore the house.  He found his tongue at last and told her with boyish enthusiasm the legends of the old mansion, the associations of each room, and sketched with goodhumoured criticism the peculiarities of his people. In the gallery of the observatory he showed her the spots from which the slightest sounds were echoed to the hall below, and explained the origin of many of the ghost stories which the Negroes believed with such implicit faith.  Stella leaned over the railing and looked down into the hall at the chair in which her father had fallen the night of the dance, and a curious smile played about her lips.  “And what are you smiling at?” he asked softly.  Without the quiver of an eyelid, either in surprise or recognition of the fact that he had caught her in a moment off her guard, she replied:  “I was just wondering if you ever believed in ghosts?”  “Of course,” he laughed.  “Really?”  “Yes. When Aunt Julie Ann used to tell them to me at night in the nursery they were vivid and terrible realities.”  “And you’ve laughed away all the romances of childhood now?”  “No,” he answered firmly. “I halfway believe in ghosts still, and the old dreams of beauty and love, of honour and truth, seem to me more and more the only things in human life that have any value.”  They had returned to the hall. Stella placed the candle on the table and sat down on the davenport. John followed her instinctively and seated himself by her side.  Suddenly she placed her soft hand on his, exclaiming:  “Oh! There’s one thing we’ve forgotten!” She felt him tremble at her touch.  “What?”  “The legend of the secret waytell me about ithow it originated and allof course, I know it is only a legend. Such things are only found in stories.”  John looked at her, with a smile playing about the corners of his mouth.  “You have ceased to believe in romance, ghosts and fairies?”  “I’ll believe it if you tell me,” she said softly.  John took her hand and lifted her from the lounge.  “Have you faith enough to follow me through the dark secret way tonight if I can find it for you?”  “Yes!” she whispered, leaning toward him trustingly.  “Then I’m going to do what was never done beforeshow this secret way to one who does not answer to the name of Graham.”  Stella’s bosom rose and fell with deep emotion as she turned her brown eyes on John.  “But why not?” he continued. “The house is yours. And I’m haunted with the strange fancy that your spirit has lived here before.”  “I have grown to love it,” she said hesitatingly, “in spite of the tragedy. It’s strange. I wonder at myself for it.”  John turned toward the panel in the wainscoting whose location he knew so well, paused and said:  “I’d better wait and let you change your dress. You’ll soil it against the damp narrow walls.”  Stella’s eyes were sparkling now with excitement.  “No matter. I can’t wait a minute. The mystery and romance will be worth a dress. Show me the way. I’ll follow.”  “All right,” John answered, as he extended his hand and pressed the moulding behind which lay the spring. The panel flew open and a rush of cool air took Stella’s breath.  “Heavens!” she exclaimed, clinging suddenly to John’s arm, “why, I had no idea it could open here just behind us in the hall!”  He could feel her tremble.  “There’s not the slightest dangeryou need not be afraid,” he said, tenderly. “Wait, I’ll get the candle and go before you.”  He took the candle from the centre table and entered the passageway, closing the panel.  “Wait, you must hold my hand,” Stella cried timidly.  He took the soft little hand in his with a throb of joy and carefully led her down the tiny stairs into the basement, where the passage turned between two walls and again descended a half dozen steps to another door which led out of the house into the long straight way to the vault.  Trembling with excitement, she clung in silence to his hand as they entered the long damp passage. He closed the door suddenly, the sound crashing through the narrow walls in a thousand startling echoes.  Stella sprang into his arms, nestling close and whispered:  “Mercy! what was that?”  “Only the door,” he laughed.  “It scared me nearly to death,” she faltered, slowly withdrawing from his sheltering protection while she skilfully managed to press her soft bare arm against his hand. She felt him tremble, his breath deepen and quicken at the touch of her flesh.  “You’re sure there’s no danger?” she asked.  “Not the slightest,” he replied cheerily. “Just one more little surprise and we are out in the moonlight on the lawn.”  He led her clinging to his hand along the dark way, holding the flickering candle above her head, a hundred mad impulses of love surging through his brain.  They stopped at the stoneset door leading into the tomb, and he handed her the candle, gently disengaging his other hand. He drew the heavy door back, Stella stepped through and he followed close behind her.  She raised the candle high and looked about the vault. With a sudden cry, she staggered into his arms gasping:  “Why,we’reinthevault!”  The candle dropped from her hand and she threw her arm around John’s neck clinging to him frantically. Her hold relaxed and her head drooped against his breast. He clasped her tenderly for a moment and his lips instinctively touched the curling mass of her hair, as he cried in agony:  “God help meI’m lost!”  She revived as quickly as she had collapsed and murmured:  “I was about to faintquick, let’s get out!”  He led her through the iron grilled door into the moonlit shadows of the lawn.  “Oh!” she cried with a gasp of relief. “What a wild experience! I hope I didn’t do anything very sillydid I?” she asked dreamily.  “You did just what any little girl of your age might do under such conditions,” he replied, gazing at her with deep seriousness. “Come, let us find a seat on the lawn and I’ll tell you the story of the vault and the secret way.”  He led her to the seat on which he had sunk in despair the night he came halfmad with pain to watch the masqueraders whirl past her lighted windows.  The full moon wrapped the earth in the white mantle of Southern midsummer glory, and the night wind stirred, its breath laden with the rich perfume of every flower in full bloom. A katydid was singing a plaintive song in the tree above, and in the rose bushes near the porch a mockingbird rehearsed in a burst of mad joy every love song of the feathered world.  In low, rapid tones John told her the story of Robert Graham’s great love for his Huguenot grandmother and why he built the vault and secret way.  She listened and furtively watched him struggling with his emotions.  Suddenly he turned, looked tenderly into her eyes and took her hand.  “After all, Miss Stella, what else matters on earth, when life has once been made glorious by a great, deathless lovesuch a love as that which has grown in my own heart for you.”  Stella turned away to hide the flash of triumph with which her face was flushed.  “Ah! don’t answer me now,” he rushed on. “I don’t ask it. I only beg the privilege of telling youtelling you how you have lifted my soul from the shadows of self and hate, and made life radiant and beautiful. I dare not hope that you love me yetthat you only hear me is enough. That I sit by your side and tell you is all I ask. My love is so deep, so full, so rich, so great, it is glory and life and strength within itself. I could die tonight and count my life a triumph, because I’ve seen you and loved you, and you have heard me. May I tell you all that is in my heart?”  He leaned closer and pressed her hand gently.  “Yes,” she whispered. “Why not?”  “I dare not tell you why I pause to ask the question. I’ve sometimes thought that an impassable gulf yawned between us. Tonight I’ve thrown such rubbish to the winds. There’s no gulf so wide, so deep and dark the heart of love may not leap it. Nothing matters save that I love you, that you smile and hear me!”  “I am honoured in your love,” she answered gently.  “Ah! you can never know how sweet it is to hear that from your dear lips. I cannot tell you the madness of the joy that fills me, when I realise that I have found in you all I’ve ever dreamed of beauty, tenderness and purity. All the songs of life that poets dream and find no words in which to sing, I feel within. If you should send me from your presence now, I’d laugh at Death for I have tasted Life! To win your love is all I ask of this world or the nextYou will let me try?”  “Yes,” said the low voice, as she placed her hand again in his.  “Then I must go,” he said, rising and lifting her from the seat“I’ve said enough tonight. I must go before I dare say too much and break the spell of joy that holds me.”  At the door he asked.  “I may come again tomorrow?”  “Yes, at eight.”  He bowed and kissed the tips of her fingers.  “I may have something to say to you tomorrow,” she said seriously.  “I shall count the minutes of every hour that separates us.”  She watched the tall figure pass swiftly and joyously along the white gravelled moonlit walk, while a paean of fierce joy welled within her heart.  “I’ve wonI’ve won, beyond the shadow of a doubt!” she cried, exultantly.     CHAPTER VIIITHE TRACKS AT THE DOOR  WITHIN thirty minutes after Ackerman had received Stella’s message that she had found the secret entrance to the house he was waiting for her at the door of the vault as she had suggested.  He had entered by the rear wagon road and passed into the shrubbery without attracting the attention of the servants.  She showed him the way to the underground passage through the niche in the rear of the vault, and in ten minutes Ackerman entered the hall through the panel under the stairs.  Stella, who had returned to the house across the lawn, watched the panel slowly open at his touch and her eyes gleamed with a cold, hard light as she saw reenacted in imagination the tragedy of her father’s death.  The detective made an accurate diagram of the hall, measured carefully the distance of the secret door from the chair in which the Judge had been found, and reëxamined the ballroom and all its possible exits and entrances.  Stella returned to the entrance of the vault and placed a padlock and chain on its iron door while Ackerman again entered the underground passage and spent two hours alone, making the most minute examinations and measurements of every track to be found at any point from the door of the vault to the panel in the wainscoting. The work of measurement was rendered easy by the accumulation of soft earth in the bottom of the underground way from the action of the water which had soaked through the brick ceiling and walls.  He discovered the footprints of eleven different men besides the dainty mark of Stella’s little shoe made the night before.  He returned to the hall and asked her permission to come from time to time and continue his study of the grounds.  “Certainly,” she answered eagerly. “And your discoveries?”  “Confirm so far my theory of the crime,” he answered quickly. “The assassins undoubtedly entered the house by this secret passage, committed the crime and passed quickly out without discovery. I did not know who was with you last night, but he has been there at least once before within the past few weeks.”  “Is it possible!” Stella exclaimed.  “I find,” he continued, “that he merely took a single step inside the door leading from the vault into the underground passage as if he were showing the way to others who traversed the entire length.”  Stella’s red lips were suddenly pressed tight and Ackerman watched her keenly.  “This may mean something or it may mean nothing. It all depends on what night he stepped inside the door.”  “I see,” she said cautiously.  “Other facts I have found are of significance,” he went on. “I have located Mr. Isaac A. Postle, and learned from him two startling things. First that he encountered John Graham at the gate on the night of the murdercollided with him, he declares, as he was running from the masked men who had just galloped past his cottage.”  The girl smothered a cry.  “He also says that later in the evening, just before the murder occurred, he passed by the front door and saw John Graham seated on a rustic bench in the shadows watching the house.”  “It’s horribleit’s horrible!” Stella murmured. “The two statements contradict each other. Uncle Isaac is lying at some point of his story. If he ran for his life from the masqueraders he certainly would not have returned to the house in thirty minutes while they were still there. Until I can find the motive for that lie his story must be taken with a large grain of salt. In the meantime if you can confirm for me his statement that Graham was here on that night you will do me a service.”  “Within a week I’ll tell you,” she replied, the strange cold light flashing again from her eyes.     CHAPTER IXA TEST OF STRENGTH  IN TAKING leave of Ackerman Stella went immediately to her room to select her dress and plan her campaign for John Graham’s reception in the evening.  A feeling of reaction depressed her. The passionate warmth and tenderness of his love remained a haunting memory. A sense of loneliness crept into her heart. She began to see that she was playing a desperate game with the great stake of a human life as the issue. The consciousness of its possible tragedy began to be dimly felt. She sat staring idly at the gowns she had piled on the big tester bed without being able to make a selection.  “I’ve begun a daring task,” she mused. “The wit and beauty of a girl of twenty against the iron will and personality of a man of genius. A man just entering his thirtieth year, who has looked Death in the face on the field of battle and dared defy the power of the Government that has crushed him. Can I win?”  The closer she had drawn to John Graham in their intimate daily association the more impossible seemed the idea that such a man could have murdered her father or known of such a crime. And yet the closer each day drew the net of circumstantial evidence about him and the fiercer grew her determination to demand the life of the murderer.  What had surprised her most of all in his character was the spirit of eternal youth within himyouth strong, fresh, buoyant and throbbing with poetic ideals. At first she had thought him sombre and morose, yet in his presence she could never imagine him more than twenty years of age. In many of his little ways and moods she found him more boy than man. And she must acknowledge the truthshe had begun to think of his possible death as a criminal with a pang of regret.  She rose and studied her beautiful figure in her mirror until self and pride once more filled the universe.  “Bah! What to me is the life of the man who struck my father dead at my feet! I’ll amuse myself by playing the game of love with him for a week, and then for the masterstroke. I’ll watch him as a cat a mouse, and when I’m ready, strike to kill. If he had no mercy, I shall have none.”  John found her in a mood of elusive girlishness. When he begged her to remember her parting words, the halfpledged promise of a message for which he waited, she only laughed and fenced.  She allowed him to call each afternoon and evening for a week until he was drunk with the joy of her presenceuntil the sense of personal intimacy and the growing consciousness of comradeship had made his will obedient to her slightest whim. It amused her to watch the growth of his powers of intuition, born of this daily life, which enabled him to anticipate her wishes.  For the man, these days were as water to the lips of a thirsty dreamer. In the heart of the girl, who studied his every movement with deep sinister purpose, there had grown a cruel joy in the consciousness of the tyranny she wielded over a powerful human life.  Toward the end of the week he began to beg her tenderly for a single word of love. At last she promised him an answer on the evening following, and forbade his afternoon call. She knew the effect of his longer absence would be to give her greater power. At last she was sure that the hour had struck toward which she had moved with such infinite pains, the hour of his complete surrender and his utter trust, when she had but to breathe her wish to know the guarded secrets of the Klan and they would be whispered into her ear without a moment’s hesitation.  She had planned to lead him to the seat amid the shadows of the trees near the house from which Isaac said he had watched the dance the night of the tragedy, and if possible gain both important secrets at once.  She again selected the low cut white chiffon she wore the night he had declared his love.  Maggie’s keen eyes watched her dress with a care never shown before. The little black maid flashed her white teeth more than once behind her back as she observed the delicate yet sure art with which, by a touch here and there, her mistress managed to suggest with unusual daring the physical charms of her extraordinary beauty. When the task was finished and she surveyed her form in her mirror with a look of proud content, Maggie laughed:  “You sho’ is trying ter kill ’im tonight!”  “Maggie, how dare you suggest such a thing!”  “De Laws a mussy, Miss Stella, I des mean dat you’se de purtiest thing in de whole worl’ an’ he gwine drap dead quick as he sees ye!”  “That will do, Maggie,” she said severely.  “Yassum.”  But in spite of her severity, the mistress smiled at the maid, and Maggie burst into a fit of laughter. When at length it subsided, she stood with wide staring worshipful eyes gazing at Stella entranced.  “Ef I could look lak dat, Miss Stella, I’d let ‘em bile me in ile, roast me on a redhot stove and peel me!”  “You are breaking the Ten Commandments, Maggie.”  “Yassum, I’d bust a hundred commandments ef I could look lak you.”  “I accept the compliment, if I can’t commend your morals.”  “Yassum.”  A sudden flash of lightning revealed the clouds of a rapidly approaching summer storm.  Stella frowned.  “It’s going to storm,” she said, fretfully,  “Yassum, but he’ll come.”  The mistress laughed in spite of herself.  “I’m not worrying about his coming, Maggie.”  “Nobum, you needn’t worry. He swim er river ef he couldn’t git here no odder waydar he is now!”  His familiar knock echoed through the hall and the maid hastened to open the door.  When Stella stood before him, John seized both her hands and looked into her deep eyes with silent rapture.  “How glorious you are tonight!” he whispered passionately.  She made no answer save the sensitive smile of triumph which lighted her face and quivered through her form.  “I meant to find a seat on the lawn tonight, but it’s going to rain.”  “Yes, I ran, to get here first,” he cried with boyish enthusiasm“It’s raining now, but the old davenport under the stairs is cosey on a rainy night.”  She looked at the panel door and hesitated.  “You’re not afraid of ghosts from below I hope?” he laughed.  “No, I’ve locked the iron door,” she announced soberly, taking her seat by his side.  With a vivid flash of lightning followed by a crash of thunder the storm broke, the big raindrops mixed with hail rattling furiously against the windows.  Stella nestled closer to his side, and John turned his swarthy, eager face toward her.  “Now, while the storm roars,” he whispered, “and shuts out the world, drawing us closer togetherso close I feel that there is no world beyond the touch of your hand and the music of your voicewon’t you tell me what my heart is starving to hear?”  “Do you realise what it means for a girl to say to a man, ‘I love you?’”  she asked slowly.  “I do,” was the quick answer.  “In all its depths?”  “Yes. It means the utter surrender of soul and body or it means nothing!”  “And yet, you ask that I say it?”  “I know that I’m not worthy, but Love has always dared to claim its own, soul crying to soul, mate calling to mateI love you! I love you! Ah! The story is old as the throb of life, yet always new and full of wonder. I know it’s too much to ask, yet I dare to ask it.”  “There should be no shadows between those who thus love, should there?”  she asked with a faraway dreamy look as if his burning words had caught her spirit in their spell.  “No,” he answered, solemnly. “A thousand times I’ve longed to tell you how tender was my sympathy for you in the tragedy that threw its shadow across your young life in this hall a few months ago.”  “And yet you didn’t,” she said reproachfully, studying him keenly and furtively, with her head bowed as if in grief for the memory of her father.  “How could I without hypocrisy? The Judge and I had been uncompromising enemies. Could I tear my heart open and let the vulgar world see the deep secret of my love for you?”  “You loved me then?” she broke in with surprise.  “From the moment you crossed this old hall the night I met you.”  Loved me when you refused to answer my appeal in person the day I wrote you?”  “I refused because I loved you.”  She looked at him a moment with a feeling of sudden fear. For the first time she realised with a shock that her imperious will to master his life was not the only force at work. The shadowy figure of Fate stood grim and silent before her.  “The man who wins my heart,” she said firmly, “can hold no reservationshe must be all mine, body and soul. He asks as much of me. I demand the same. Are you ready to place your life in my hands as I am asked to place mine in yours?”  “Without reservation,” he answered.  “I must be frank with you,” she said, turning her eyes appealingly on him. “Since the awful night I saw my father sitting dead in that chair with those masked figures, white, silent and terrible behind me, I have had a morbid curiosity mingled with terror for everything and everyone connected with the Klan. I have heard that you are a member?”  John suddenly knelt before her and took her hand.  “Here on my knees before you and before Godand when I am before you I am in the presence of God!I call the spirit of the dead back on the wings of this storm tonight into this hall to witness when I swear to you that I am innocent of any knowledge of his death!”  “And there shall be not one shadow between us?  “Not one. Every secret of my life shall be laid bare before I’d dare claim you as my wife. I only beg tonight one word of love from your dear lips. You believe me when I swear to you, on my honour, my life, my love that I am innocent?”  “Yes, I believe and trust you!”  He bowed and kissed her fingers reverently.  “And now you must show that you trust me before I speak,” she went on dreamily“you are in reality the Chief of the Klan in North Carolina, are you not?”  John’s hand trembled, his lips quivered, and a look of mortal anguish overspread his face.  “Please don’t ask me that yet?” he begged. “You are afraid to trust me?”  she said reproachfully.  “I trust you implicitly,” he cried, pressing her hand, “but do not ask me now!”  “The hands of Southern women made those white and scarlet costumes,” she persisted. “May I not share at least one of its secrets with them?”  “Remember that conditions have changed!” he urged“A price is set on the head of every member of the Klan. The South now swarms with spiesthe Government is straining every nerve to learn the secrets of the orderhave I the right even to breathe the name of the Klan while another’s life may hang on my word?”  “I see,” she cried with scorn, rising. “The daughter of a murdered ‘Scalawag’ judge may not be trusted as other loyal women of the proud old aristocratic South!”  “Please, I beg of you”  “You may go!” she said proudly.  And without another word she quickly turned, ascended the stairs and disappeared.  John stood for a moment blind and dumb with pain, mechanically took his hat and slowly passed through the door and out into the black, raging storm.     CHAPTER XBEHIND BOLTED DOORS  JOHN GRAHAM fought his way home heedless of the storm’s blinding fury. The hurricane without was but a zephyr to the one which raged within his own soul. Again and again he asked himself the question why Stella should have demanded of him such a confession.  He had instantly resented it. Perhaps he had scented danger. And yet it was preposterous to think the girl he worshipped could have desired this dangerous knowledge to be used against him.  Ackerman in discussing his mill projects in the office during the afternoon had asked him a number of irritating questions about the Klan which he had skilfully parried. His mind was oversensitive and sore perhaps from this annoyance. Ackerman could have nothing to do with Stellathey were not even passing acquaintances.  From every point of view he tested the problem of her possible design to use this knowledge and found it preposterous. There was but one reasonable explanation. She had found with her keen woman’s intuition the one weak spot in his mental attitude toward her. Yes, it was true. He loved her with passionate devotion, but he had not fully trusted her. She had discovered it. Had she not thus revealed the true state of her own heart? She must love him. Otherwise this keen sensitiveness to his moods would not be possible. The thought was sweet in spite of his agony over their break. After all she was right, proud little queen of his heart, to demand his loyal faith! Should he yield to her this perilous secret of his own life? Would he thus endanger those with whom he had been associated in the daring task of saving the civilisation of the South in the blackest hour of her history?  While the battle thus raged in his soul he reached his room, removed his drenched clothing and replaced them with dry ones. He walked to his window and looked out on the spluttering street lamp across the way struggling to hold its tiny flame against the storm and wondered why he had dressed again. He should have gone to bed. And then the dawning sense of loss and misery crushed him. He sank into a chair and watched the rain dash against the glass and stream down the sides of the window, his heart aching in dumb agony.  “My God!” he cried at last, “I can’t live without her! She loves me, and I must win her!”  The memory of her cold words as she ordered him from the house came crashing back into his heart with sinister echoes. Never had he seen a human being so transformed by angereyes that a moment before had held him enraptured with their tender light had flashed cold points of steel. Hands, soft and warm and full of velvet feeling, had closed in rage as the claws of a tigress!  Suppose she refused to see him again? It was unthinkable. He seemed to have lived a century within the weeks since she had called him to her side. The life which had gone before grew dim. Four years of war and two years of daring secret revolution as a leader of the Invisible Empire faded from his consciousness. Only a great love remained, and those days by her side seemed to hold the full measure of his life.  He undressed and went to bed, only to roll and toss hour after hour without sleep.  He saw the first gray light of dawn with a sense of utter desolation. The rain had ceased an hour before. Swift flying clouds and swaying treetops heralded the coming of a clear, beautiful day. He determined to write at once and beg to see her. In a moment his mind was on fire with his passionate plea. As the sun rose, reflecting through scurrying clouds its scarlet and purple glory, he hastily dressed, sat down at his table and poured out his anguish in burning words of tenderness and love. He read it over with renewed hope. Never had he expressed himself so well. The letter was a living thing. No woman’s hand could touch it without feeling its vital power. An immortal soul beat within it.  He had added the last line of a postscript begging her to name an early hour at which he might call, and sat in dull moody reverie unconscious of the flight of time.  A gentle knock on his door roused him. He opened it and stared blankly at Susie’s gentle face.  “I trust you’re not sick, Mr. John,” she said. “Everybody is through breakfast. I’ve kept yours warm.”  “Thank you, Miss Susie. I’ve only a little headache. I won’t eat any breakfast. I’ve important work at the office. I’m going down at once.”  As he passed her at the head of the stairs she said with a wistful look:  “Mama says she heard you stirring all night. If I can help you, won’t you let me?”  “Yes, little comrade, I will. I’ll let you know,” he answered, swinging quickly down the stairs and out the front door.  He found a boy on the street and sent him to Stella with his letter. He stood at his office door and watched him until out of sight and counted the minutes until he reappeared. He had paid him a dime on dispatching the letter and promised to double it if he came back in a hurry. Fifteen minutes later he smiled as he saw the boy coming in a run, his swift bare feet making the dirt fly in the middle of the street.  “I knew it! Of course, she will see me!” he exclaimed as he bounded up his stairs two rounds at a jump. He gave the astonished boy a quarter instead of another dime, hurried into his office, and slammed the door. He felt the weight of the letter with faint misgivings. It was large to have been written so quickly. Yet it was addressed with her own dear hand. He tore it open, and from his trembling fingers dropped his own letter with the seal unbroken. Not a line from her. Her meaning could not be misunderstood. She could have offered him no deeper insult. He sank to his seat with a groan and sat for an hour in a stupor of wounded pride. “I won’t accept such an answer from her!” he cried bitterly. “And I won’t stand on ceremony.”  He walked down the street to the gate of the driveway of the Graham house, hoping he might find Aunt Julie Ann at her cottage. The door was closed and he could get no response to his knock. He looked longingly at the old house shining with its snow white doors and windows against the dark fresh green of the rainsoaked trees, and thought with a pang of his quarrel over its possession. What did houses matter if the heart was sick unto death! The humblest Negro cabin would be a palace if only her face would shine from the doorway!  He felt himself drawn toward her with resistless force and before he realised what he was doing his hand was on the brass knocker and its echoes were ringing through the hall.  Aunt Julie Ann shook her head as she ushered him in.  “I wish ye hadn’t come, marse John,” she said sorrowfully.  “Why not?”  “She shut hersef up in de room an’ won’t let nobody come in. I creep up to de door, and hear her cryin’ sof’ an’ low. I knock an’ she didn’ answer. I knock again an’ calls her sweet names an’ ax her please lemme do sumfin for her. She jump up an’ stamp her foot an’ say she kill me ef I doan’ leave her ’lone. I’se skeered of her, honey, she ain’t lak our folks. When de old Boy’s in her lak it is ter day she talks jes lak de Judge. When she laughs an’ plays an’ looks purty as an angel her voice jest like her Ma’s, low an’ sweet.”  “Tell her I’m here and wish to see her”John interrupted with impatience.  Aunt Julie Ann shook her head again:  “You better not honey!”  “I must see her. Try!”  John stood at the foot of the stairs nervously fumbling his hat while Aunt Julie Ann climbed to the floor and knocked on her door.  He listened breathlessly for her answer. The key clicked in the lock and Stella opened it wide enough to be distinctly heard. Her voice rang cold and clear:  “Tell Mr. Graham to leave this house instantly and never enter it again!”  The door closed and the bolt flashed into its place again.  John’s face flushed red, the colour slowly fading as his strong jaws snapped with new determination.  “In spite of the devil, I’ll win her yet!”     CHAPTER XIA VOICE IN WARNING  TWO days passed without a word of hope for John. On the third morning after his dismissal by Stella he sat pale and listless at breakfast, scarcely tasting his food, while Susie watched his drawn face with keen sympathetic eyes. An hour later she entered his office.  “You promised to let me help you,” she said quietly. “I have come.”  He looked at her a moment and wondered why he had never before seen her striking beauty. A tall figure with exquisite sylph like lines, a serene and perfectly moulded face with straight, thoughtful brows shadowing the tenderest grayblue eyes, and a crown of luxuriant auburn blonde hair.  He caught at once the sincere sympathy of her mood, as he pressed her hand.  “I never saw you so beautiful, Miss Susie, or your face so sweet and restful.”  She blushed and looked out the window.  “I can’t tell you how I thank you for coming. I think we must have been brother and sister in some other world before this.”  The corners of the girl’s lips twitched and she turned her tender eyes full on John’s.  “You are in love with Stella?”  “Yes.”  “And she has rejected you?”  “No, we have quarrelled and she refuses to see me or read my letters.”  “She loves you?”  “I’ve hoped so, I don’t know. She lets me feel it without words.”  “We are friends, what can I do?”  “See her and beg her for God’s sake to let me call, at least to read my letters. Will you go today?”  “Immediately.”  “Thank you,” he cried, again tenderly pressing her hand. “You must have loved too, Miss Susie.”  “Perhaps I have,” was the soft reply. “Write your message and I’ll take it.”  John seated himself and hastily wrote:  _My dear Stella:_  _From the bottom of a heart crushed with anguish I ask your pardon for my lack of faith. Your pride was right. Give me a chance and I will show you what the trust of perfect love means for me. I await from you the words of life or death._  _John Graham_.  Susie promised to return at once with her answer.  She knocked at the door of the old Graham house with a strange conflict raging in her own breast. She hoped to succeed for the sake of the aching heart of the man she had left, and yet mingled with the fear of failure was the halfmad wish that Stella might reject his plea.  Aunt Julie Ann’s face was troubled as she greeted Susie.  “Tell Miss Stella, that I’m very sorry to learn of her illness and I trust she can see me a moment.”  “Yassum, I tell herbut I’se feard she ain’t well enough.”  Aunt Julie Ann returned immediately, smiling.  “She say come right up to her room, Miss Susie.”  Susie was shocked to note the changein the beautiful young face lying still and pale against the white pillow.  “I’m sorry to find you so ill!”  “Yes, I suppose I have nerves,” she said, smiling wanly. “I didn’t know it before. I think some of them must have snappedbut I’m better now. I’ll get up this afternoon.”  “I’ve something that will help you, if you will take it.”  Stella’s brow clouded, and her eyes, wide and cold, assumed a sinister halfmad expression.  “You have a message from Mr. Graham?”  “How did you guess it?”  “He has tried every other possible way. I wondered if he would stoop to this.”  “Stoop!what do you mean?”  “To use you for such a purpose.”  “And why not?”  “You ask that of me?” The great brown eyes pierced Susie’s soul.  “Certainly.”  “Then it’s all right,” she said with a light laugh. “You must receive his message,” Susie said. “You’ve won the heart of the noblest man I have ever knowna great, beautiful, measureless love. Don’t turn away from ityou may not know its like again.”  The full lips smiled curiously.  “I’ve brought you a letter from himyou must read it.”  Susie pressed the letter into Stella’s hand and turned away to the window. She heard the rattle of the paper as it was opened and refolded, and walked back to the bedside. Before she could ask Stella’s answer, her eye rested on a letter in Ackerman’s handwriting, lying open on the white covering. She started violently but managed to suppress an exclamation. Only that morning she had received herself a letter from the young Northerner declaring his love in simple, honest fashion. She couldn’t believe her eyes at first, but a second look convinced her of its reality. What puzzled her still more was to observe beside this letter a sheet of paper on which was drawn the diagram of the hall with the minute accuracy of an architect’s plan, with Ackerman’s notes interlining it.  “What shall I say?” she stammered in confusion.  Stella looked at her with a momentary start, smiled and answered:  “Tell Mr. Graham I have received and read his letter. I’ll think it over this evening and reply tomorrow.”  “Then I’ll go,” said Susie, taking her hand. “I’m so glad I saw you.”  As she turned through the door her eye again was drawn irresistibly to Ackerman’s letter. She returned to John Graham’s office stunned by this puzzling discovery.  John was bitterly disappointed in the message she brought. Her long stay had raised in him the highest hope. His own surrender had been so complete and generous, that he could not conceive it possible that she would debate in cold blood for twentyfour hours the question of her answer. It seemed heartless and utterly cruel. He rebelled in fierce futile protest. He did not try to conceal the bitterness of his disappointment from Susie, and was too selfishly occupied with his own grief to note the constraint in her manner as she hurried home from his office, even before he had found words in which to thank her for the delicate service she had rendered him.  He sent for Alfred and got word to Aunt Julie Ann that he wished to see her at her cottage after supper. He knew that Alfred had taken advantage of Isaac’s long absence to renew his calls on his former love.  When he arrived at nine o’clock Aunt Julie Ann had placed a pot of coffee and a plate of teacakes on a little table for him.  “What’s de matter, honey?” she asked.  “I’m in great trouble, Aunt Julie Ann.”  “Well, Mammy’s baby knows who ter come to when he’s in trouble!” she said tenderly. She had always called him babythis bronzed hero of battle fields. His thirty years meant nothing to her except increasing faith in his manhood. Since the day she first took his baby form in her arms she had watched him grow in body and spirit with a brooding mother pride.  “You must talk to Miss Stella for me,” he said. “Get close to her Aunt Julie Ann, you’re a woman, and tell her all the good things you remember about me. You know better than I doyou understand? Make her smile again and get her to see me.”  “Now, you set down dar sir, an’ drink dat coffee an’ tell me what you doin’ gwine roun’ here mopin’ an’ pinin’ yo’ life out all ’bout a gal don’t care two straws whedder you’se er livin’ er dyin’. I’d be shamed er myself, great big grown man lak you is, what fit froo de war an’ everybody say gwine ter be de guvnor some day.”  “Can’t you get her to see me, Aunt Julie Ann?” he interrupted, earnestly.  “Drink dat coffee, an’ den I tell ye!”  “It’s too hot for coffeeI’m not hungryTell me now.”  “Drink it fur Mammy, boyI wants de grouns. I’m gwine tell ye somefin when I looks in de cup. I seed a vision las’ night.”  To humour her John drank the coffee in silence. She took the empty cup, studied its message, and looked into John’s face.  “Yes, honey, hit’s des lak I see hit las’ night, an’ I warns ye! I see two purty galsa fair one and a dark one. Bof lubs yebut dey’s one er slippin up behind yer back wid a shinin’ knife in her hand. Her long black hair is hangin’ loose on her white shoulders an’ all twisted lak snakes. I see her hide de knife in her bosom an’ slip her arms roun’ yo neck. She kiss you an’ blindfold ye wid her curly hair an’ slip de knife from her bosom an’ stab you froo de heart! Mammy’s baby! Mammy’s baby!”  The black woman’s voice sank to a weird whisper full of tears and ‘wild halfsavage music as she seized John’s hand.  “Don’t come to de house no mo,’ Marse John!” she pleaded.  “And why not?” he asked sharply.  “Case I look again in de vision an’ I see her face plainan’ it wuz hers!”  “Whose?”  “Miss Stella, honeyI warns ye! she doan lub my babykeep away from her!”  “Rubbish, Aunt Julie Ann; you’ve been having a nightmare.”  “I see it all, des ez plain ez I sees you nowI warns ye!”  “I’ll risk it,” John laughed. “I’m hoping for good news tomorrowplease say your prayers for me tonight.”  Yet in spite of his culture and the inheritance of centuries of knowledge, the voodoo message of his old nurse shrouded his spirit in deeper gloom. He walked home with a new sense of dread in his heart, wondering what answer she would send him tomorrow.     CHAPTER XIITHE TRAP IS SPRUNG  THE following morning when Stella, sitting up in bed, opened her mail and read Ackerman’s report, the last doubt of John Graham’s guilt was shattered.  _“I have just learned,” Ackerman wrote, “that a number of men of notoriously desperate character from the foot of the mountains were in Independence on the day before the tragedy and that a man by the name of Dan Wiley, their leader, reported in person to John Graham’s office.”_  Stella sprang from her bed and began hurriedly to dress.  “Now God give me strength for the work I’m going to do!” she cried, with strangling rage. “To think that such a man should dare to speak to me of loveshould dare to clasp my hand with the stain of my father’s blood yet fresh on his! I could kill him with my own handcoward, dastard, sneak, assassin! I hate himI hate him!”  She threw herself on her bed again in a paroxysm of uncontrollable fury. She arose at length, calm, alert, her cheeks flushed with brilliant colour, her great eyes dilated wide and sparkling with courage.  The knocker struck sharply and she remembered with a start that Steve Hoyle had returned on the midnight train and would call this morning. She heard Maggie show Steve into the library.  Without waiting for her breakfast she hastened to meet him, and he plunged at once into the purpose of his call:  “Has John Graham yet confessed his leadership?”  “He will today,” was the quiet answer.  “The fame of your desperate love affair has set the town agog,” Steve laughed triumphantly.  “Doubtless,” she replied moodily.  “I’ve everything arrangedthe men are only waiting for the word.”  “I prefer that the law take its course. I’m not ready to commit murder,”  she said emphatically.  “Nonsense! The law’s a farceDeliver him to his own men to be judged by the Klan which has set itself above the State. If he is the leader of the Invisible Empire he holds his own High Court. Let his men decide his fate. It’s justice!”  Stella hesitated a moment and slowly said:  “When I learn from his own lips that he is the Chief of the Klan and find that there is no other way in which he can be made to pay the penalty of his crime, I’ll deliver him to his men.”  “They’ll be ready to receive him.”  “I shall know in twentyfour hours.”  “I’ll await your word,” he answered eagerly, his eyes devouring her beauty.  Steve hurriedly left and Stella seated herself at her desk to write her answer to John Graham. Two attempts she tore up. The third suited her. In the centre of a sheet of paper she wrote two words:  _“ComeStella.”_  When John Graham received this note at eleven o’clock from the hands of her messenger, he felt before he broke the seal that it bore glad tidings.  He tore it open and with a cry of joy, tried to read, and the tears blinded him. He crushed the note in his hand and bowed his head on his desk, his whole being convulsed with emotion which he could not control. He rose at length, walked to his window, opened the note again and gazed at it until he broke into a joyous laugh, repeating the words:  _“ComeStella.”_  “The most wonderful letter I ever received,” he exclaimed. “The longest, the richest, the deepestthe answering call of my mate! In all nature there’s no such cry. From out the shadows of hell I lift my soul and answer, ‘My love, I come!’”  In a moment he had forgotten every fear; and all the pain, blind and hideous, of the last three days was lost in a joy that lit the world with splendour.  He called immediately on horseback and asked her to ride with him through a beautiful wooded road he had long wished to show her. Stella caught the echo of his horse’s hoofs with a shudder as he approached the house. She had not heard that sound on the gravelled roadway of the lawn since the night she listened to the distant echoes of the masqueraders as she stood beside the dead.  She accepted his suggestion and hastily despatched a message to Ackerman asking that he await her return in her library at sundown as she intended to spend the afternoon in the country on important business.  At three o’clock they galloped out of Independence toward the river.  “My heart is too full now for speech,” he said, leaning toward her, his face radiant with happiness.  “I understand.”  “Just to be near you is all I ask for a while. It seems too good to be true. It has been a century since I saw you.”  She remained silent. The only visible response, if any, was the quickening of her horse’s pace at the unconscious touch of the little spur concealed beneath her skirts.  Her silence meant to him feelings too deep for words, and again his heart sang for joy.  Four miles out of town they left the main highway and turned into the narrow crooked road which wound along the banks of a creek through the densest forest in the county.  “I’m going to take you to ‘Inwood,’ General Gaston’s place. The house was burned by Sherman’s army, only the vinecovered ruins are standing now. It was the finest house ever built in the state, and many a gay party held high carnival there in the old days.”  “I’ve heard my mother speak of it,” she answered soberly, glancing at him from the corner of her eye. “In fact, it was there at a picnic one day that my father proposed to his sweetheart and my mother accepted him, and planned their elopement. How strange that you should have chosen to bring me to this place today!”  “You’ll understand it later,” he quickly responded.  “I hope you don’t mean to kidnap me?”  “It might be advisable in view of the events of the past three days,” he laughed.  She glanced about her at the deep shadows of the great trees through which they had been passing for more than a mile and shot at him a sudden look of fear.  “Let’s turn back,” she said, flushing and reining her horse to a stand.  A look of pain clouded his face as he bent near.  “Surely, dearest, you can trust the man who worships you! Come, we are only a few hundred yards from the gate.”  “Then I’ll trust you that much further,” she said with a light laugh, spurring her horse forward.  In a few minutes they passed through the ruined gate in the edge of the woods. The broken marble figures which once crowned the brick pillars lay beside the entrance among a mass of tangled blackberry briars. They had been pried from their places and hurled there by the bayonets of Sherman’s men and had not been touched since.  The lawn, which once had spread its beautiful carpet of flowers and shrubbery in wide acres here in the heart of the ancient woods, had grown up in ugly broom straw and young pines, which were slowly strangling to death the more delicate forms of life. The dark fir trees, magnolia and holly, still flourished in luxury.  Towering in solemn, serried line on a gentle eminence still stood the six great white Corinthian pillars of the front façade of the house. Behind them in dark background a row of Norwegian firs, fifty years old, marked the sky line. The afternoon sun cast the shadows of the trees across the fluted marble of two of the pillars, while the other four shimmered in the splendour of the sunlight.  The capitals of the columns had fallen with the blazing ruins of the house, but the bases and tall beautiful fluted forms of each were yet perfect. The ivy which had grown on the sides of the stone steps had climbed in unbridled riot over one of them and hung in graceful festoons from the top.  To Stella’s fancy they seemed grim white sentinels guarding the entrance to some vast empire of the dead.  “How still and deathlike everything is,” she said, with a timid glance about her. “We seem a thousand miles from life.”  He took her hand.  “When I stand by your side, in every silent space I hear the beating of the wings of angels.”  “The wings of the angel of Death here, I should think!” she said in strange subdued tones, as her eyelids drooped and she looked away.  “Away with such nonsense,” he cried, cheerily. “I’ve something to do before I dare to speak to you again of the love that is in my heart.”  He led her behind the towering columns, and, at the rear of the ruins of the heavy brick walls, entered the basement by a stairway half covered with fallen débris.  The floors of the first story which had been constructed of iron and cement foundations had remained unbroken. The basement, once entered below the ruins, was in a state of perfect preservation.  They entered the immense kitchen whose walls had once echoed with the voices of swarms of indolent wellfed slaves.  Stella looked about her in amazement, asking with a slight tremor in her voice:  “Why have you brought me here?”  “To place my life in your hands, joyously, without a single reservation,” he said with deep earnestness. “You are in the council chamber of the Invisible Empire. Here its High Court of Life and Death was held.”  Stella’s breath quickened and she glanced at John with furtive eyes.  “I should have told you frankly at first. You had the right to know before you gave your life into my keeping.”  He led her to the big wroughtiron range and opened one of its ovens, revealing the form of an oldfashioned safe.  Taking a huge key from his pocket, he opened the door and drew from it a package of papers.  “I am going to show you, my love, what no woman’s eye ever saw before, the guarded secrets of the Invisible Empire, its signs, passwords, ritual and secret oath. In this act I now imperil no life save my own.”  Stella’s tapering fingers trembled as she turned the pages nervously and read its brief formulas.  “As Chief of the Klan I met here the leaders from each district.”  “ThenyouaretheChief?” she slowly asked, bending low to hide her flushed face.  “Yes, I was the only Chief the Empire ever had in the state,” he answered with a ring of boyish pride.  “And you bowed to no law save your own?” she asked in low tones.  “No.”  “And you really did hold high courts of life and death?” she whispered.  “Yes, we were the sole guardians of white civilisation. It was a necessitythe last resort of desperation.”  “You tried men here in secret, sentenced them without a hearing, executed them at night without warning, mercy or appeal?”  “It had to bethere was no other way. A million soldiers girded us with their bayonets. We had to strike under a mantle of darkness and terror, where the power of resistance was weakest, the blow unsuspected and discovery impossible.”  “How terrible!” she interrupted with a shudder. “And yet,” she went on with a sudden flash of her eye, “its mystery and its daring fascinate me! Would you do something just to please a romantic fancy of mine?”  “I have but one desire in lifeto please your fancy,” he cried.  “Come here with me again, day after tomorrow night, and dress in your costume as Chief of the High Court of the Klan. Bring some lanterns and we’ll light it upit’s just a fancy of minewill you do it?”  “You’re not afraid to be here alone with me at night?”  “Why should I? I love to do daring unconventional things. Besides, do we not belong to each other now?”  “You do love me?” he whispered.  “Do you doubt it?”  “Kiss me!” he pleaded, bending closer.  With a sudden shudder she drew away.  “Not yet! you must be patient. I’ve a lot of silly notions. That’s one of them. I’ll learn, no doubt.”  “I’ll try to teach you,” he laughed“and be content to touch your hand until my desire shall be yours.”  They rode swiftly home, John’s soul in a warm glow of happiness. Stella spoke scarcely a word, but her cheeks were flushed and about her deep brown eyes a curious smile was constantly playing.  He left her at the door and as he pressed her hand softly said:  “You scarcely spoke the whole way hometell me what were you thinking about?”  “I don’t knowperhaps dreaming of your terrible courtof a man being condemned to death without knowing it!”  “Yet a smile was playing about your beautiful face?”  Stella suddenly burst into half hysterical laughter:  “Of course, how can you doubt that I was happy! I’ll tell you all my thoughts tomorrow night.”  “Shall we go on horseback?”  “Yes, but I wish to go alone; I’ll meet you there at dusk,” she replied with another strange laugh, waving her hand as he mounted his horse and galloped away.  She closed the door and with quick nervous step, crossed the hall and passed into the library, confronting Ackerman.  “John Graham is the Chief of the Ku Klux Klanhe has confessed to me!”  she whispered excitedly. “I have arranged everything for his arrest day after tomorrow evening at their secret meeting place.”  “Then our work is complete,” he said with a ring of triumph.  “And his execution is a certainty?”  “I haven’t the remotest idea that Graham himself can ever be convicted of the murder of Judge Butlerbut your discovery is of tremendous importance.”  “Hecannotbeconvicted!” Stella gasped.  “No, but the Invisible Empire will be in ruins in fortyeight hours,”  he replied, seizing his hat. “Excuse me now, I have work of the gravest importance tonight. Thanks for the promptness with which you have kept your promise.”  Before Stella could speak he was gone. With a scowl on her beautiful brow, she called Maggie:  “Tell Mr. Steve Hoyle I wish to see him here immediately.”     CHAPTER XIIIFOR LOVE’S SAKE   STEVE’S response to Stella’s call was prompt.  He entered the library with heavy, firm step, a flush of triumph on his sleek handsome animal face.  “He has betrayed the Klan to you?” he asked with eagerness.  “Sit down,” she responded coolly, an accent of resentment rising in her voice. “Before I answer that important question, I’ve something I wish to ask you.”  “Anything you like,” he answered suavely. “And I want the truth,” she continued, with increasing emphasis.  “I’ll give it to you if it’s in my power.”  “You haven’t done it always,” was the firm retort.  “You wish to know about the men on whom I rely to execute justice on John Graham?”  “Yes, who are they?”  “Members of the Klan from the hillsinnocent men on whom he wreaked his vengeance in the most brutal and inhuman manner without a trial.”  “You are sure they are members of the Klan?”  “Certainly.”  “They will come to arrest and try him, dressed in the same costumes the men wore the night my father was killed?”  “Yes.”  “Have you hired these men to assassinate him?” she suddenly asked, piercing Steve with her great eyes.  “My God, no!” he protested.  “What will they do?”  “Why, try him by his own laws, of course,” Steve answered vaguely.  “What laws?”  “The law of the Order which forbids an officer to abuse his power by using it for personal ends as he did in the murder of the Judge.”  “Why have they not tried him before?”  “The feeling against him was not strong enough.”  “And now?”  “If he has betrayed the Klan, by his own laws he can be torn limb from limb, so long as a shred of its power remains.”  “He could not be put to death for telling the secrets of the Klan to the woman he loves?”  “Yes.”  “And he knows this?”  “Of course.”  “A big, glorious, beautiful thing, a love like that, isn’t it?” she cried with strange elation, tears flashing from her eyes.  “From the woman’s point of view, perhaps it isfrom that of the man whose life he puts in peril, hardly.”  “But from the woman’s point of view! yesand judged by her standard, cowards who hedge and lie and fear to do such things don’t measure very high beside himdo they? I’m afraid, Steve, your love is a weak thing. It would be a pity to kill a man who would dare death to please the fancy of the woman he lovesnow, wouldn’t it?”  “Such a man, for example, as he who sneaked under cover of the night and struck your father dead at your feet without a chance to defend himself,” Steve sneered.  “Yes! That’s the hideous thought that strangles me!” she cried, her breast heaving with a tumult of emotion, her breath coming in gasps of passion.  “You are going to falter and give up?” he asked indignantly.  Stella ignored his question and said in even tones as though talking to herself:  “I had intended to have the United States marshals arrest him dressed in the Klan costume at their meeting place.”  “And now?” Steve broke in eagerly.  “I don’t know what to do. I’ll be frank with you, SteveI never expected to keep my promise to marry youI never really expected to face such a choice. There are times when I like you. There’s evil in me, as there is in youcruelty, pride, selfishnessI feel our kinship. But I don’t love you, and the closer I get to you the less I love you.”  “You’ll learn to love meI’ll wait,” he broke in.  “The reason why I like you less and less,” she went on, “is that I feel other forces in me which are not evilbig, generous impulses, and aspirations for things beautiful and true and good that you have never felt and could never understand.”  “Which some other man might develop,” he snapped. “Well, play the baby act then, and give it all up.”  “No, I’ve made up my mind to have the life of the man who took my father’s. It’s the one supreme passion which dominates my soul and body.”  “He has confessed to you then?” Steve cried breathlessly.  “Yes.”  “Where will the men meet you?”  “At Inwood immediately after dark, day after tomorrow,” she answered firmly.  “It’s too early. Nine o’clock is better. The men will have time for careful preparation.”  “I’ll be with him in the basement. He will be in the Klan costume; I wish him arrested and tried in that.”  “It shall be exactly as you wish,” said Steve, his eyes sparkling with triumph. “And your signal to the men?”  “Will be a light in the window of the basement.”  “I understandInwoodnine o’clock at night, day after tomorrow.”  Stella’s answer was scarcely a whisper:  “Yes.”     CHAPTER XIVTHE JUDGMENT HALL OF FATE  STELLA made excuses to John Graham for not being able to see him before their appointment to meet at Inwood, and on the afternoon of the day fixed rode out of town at four o’clock alone.  Her unconventional ways had ceased to excite comment in Independence since her extraordinary conduct in refusing to wear mourning for her father. There could be no graver breach of the traditions of good society than this in the eyes of her neighbours, and so long as she remained within the pale of respectability any other feat she might perform would be of minor interest.  She rode rapidly, her mind in a tumult of excitement over the daring act of revenge she meant to wreak tonight on the man who had wronged her beyond the power of human forgiveness. Singlehanded and alone she had mastered his will and brought him to her feet. Singlehanded and alone she had decided the question of his life and death. And this afternoon she wished to ride alone to the place appointed for his judgment.  In spite of her resolution to mete out the sternest justice to John Graham, the memory of his passionate words of love, the deep tenderness with which he had hovered about her, and the utter trust he had shown during their last meeting, began to torment her.  Had they met under fair conditions she could have loved him. She began to see it clearly now. His sincerity, his fiery emotions, his romantic extravagances, the oldfashioned chivalry with which he worshipped her were very sweet. The complete and generous surrender he had made, placing his life absolutely in her hands, began to glow with poetry in her imagination.  He had always possessed the faculty of drawing out the best that was in her. Somehow she had never been able to hate him as she ought in his presence. There was something contagious in the spirit of love with which his whole personality seemed to radiate. She had begun to feel at home with him as with no other man she had ever met.  “Oh, dear, I’m sorry!” she sighed, as she entered the deep woods. Unconsciously she reined her horse to a stand, and was startled from her reverie by a tear rolling down her cheek and falling on her glove. “What a fool I am!” she cried in anger. “I’d better turn back now. I’m a chickenhearted coward when put to the test. I’m scared out of my senses at the size of the task I’ve undertakenthat’s what’s the matterI, who have boasted of my strength and shouted my triumph over a strong man’s conquest.”  Another tear rolled down her cheek. She brushed it away with an angry stroke.  “Suppose I find too late that I’m in love with him!” she exclaimed, helplessly.  Her horse moved on without her urging or recognising it, so absorbed had she become in the battle raging within her heart.  “What is love?” she mused aloud. “I wonder how it feels to really love?Love him?nonsenseI hate the very ground he walks onthe selfcentered, proud, bigoted, narrowminded fanatic! I’ve sworn to avenge my father’s death. I’ll do it. Let him come tonight to the judgment hall of his own making. I’ll prove myself a woman, and do my country a service when I hand him over to justice.”  She touched her horse with the whip, and he bounded forward in a swift gallop, and in a few minutes she passed into the old lawn and saw the flash of the white ghostlike columns among the dark firs.  Again she found herself recalling the silly extravagances of his talk as they entered the grounds two days before.  “What was it he said about angels?” she mused with a smile. “Yes, I remember. Somehow I seem to remember them all!‘When I stand by your side, in every silent space I hear the beating of the wings of angels’and I liked it! what a fool a woman is! and tried to convince myself that I didn’t like it by adding, ‘the wings of the angel of death,’ only because I felt my hate grow weak under a silly complimentwell, I’m done with his maudlin lovemaking. It’s judgment day.”  She dismounted, tied her horse, and wandered down the little crooked pathway to the famous spring at the foot of the hill where many a lover had lingered in days long past and poured out the old story that remains eternal in its youth. She wondered at the mad resolution of her mother, taken perhaps on this very spot twentyfive years ago, that had led her to break the bonds of blood, throw to the winds every tie of tenderness that bound her to the earth, and brave the scorn of her own proud world, all for the sake of the son of a poor white manbecause she loved him!  Why did people do such idiotic things? Why should a woman thus sink her soul and body in the fortunes of a man? She couldn’t understand it.  “Surely this is the miracle of miracles of human life!” she murmured. “I wonder if John Graham was crazy when he said that night on the lawn: ‘If you should send me from your presence now, I’d laugh at Death, for I have tasted Life!’ Why do I keep thinking of what he has said?Perhaps because he may die tonight!”  She sprang to her feet, clasped her hands nervously and began to crysoftly at first, and then with utter abandonment, sinking again to the ground and burying her face in her arm.  “Oh, dear! oh, dear! I’m lonely and heartsick and afraid!” she sobbed. “I wish I had a friend to share my secret, advise and help meyes, such a friend as he would be!he’d know what I ought to doand I know what he’d say, toothat I’m proud and cruel and selfishthat I’m doing a hideous, unnatural thingwell I’m not! the impulse for vengeance is God’s first lawI know it because I feel it, deep, instinctive, resistless!and I’m going to do it! I’m going to do it!I hate him! I hate him!”  She rose and returned to the ruins, and sat down on the steps between the white columns. The sun was sinking through an ocean of filmy clouds, reflecting in rapid changes every colour ever dreamed in the soul of the artist. She watched in deep breathless reverence, until the sense of loneliness again overpowered her and she sprang up with restless energy exclaiming:  “I meant to explore that room before he comesI must do it.”  She descended the steps and stopped before the dark entrance. It hadn’t seemed so dark the other day with him. It was earlier in the day of course. Why had she paused? The question angered her. She was afraid to go through the long dark corridor alonethat was the disgusting truth.  She turned back to await his coming. What a foolish contradiction. She would wait for the protection of the wretch she meant to deliver tonight todeath!  She returned with quick angry strides to the columns, and leaned against one of their friendly sides. In the gathering twilight they seemed human and sheltering in their protection. She wished he would come. A dozen times she looked toward the gate and thought she heard the beat of his horse’s hoof in the distance.  Dusk settled into darkness and still he did not come. The moon rose and touched the tall pillars above with a magic glow of mellow light, and a whippoorwill struck the first note of his thrilling song beneath the bush at her feet.  With a shudder, she moved to the outer column and waited with increasing impatience and alarm. The wildest fears began to fill her fancy. Why had she dared this mad task alone? For some unaccountable reason she had not reckoned on being alone.  Was it possible that she had been so illogical, so utterly bereft of reason that the idea of his companionship had filled her imagination? Surely she had not been such a fool! She knew Steve Hoyle would accompany those men, beyond a doubt, and join her after the affair was over, but she had not given Steve a thought. He had been but a cog in the wheel of things that had swiftly moved to the tragic crisis which she now faced for the first time. She looked at her watch in the bright moonlight and it was half past eight. What if he failed to come! Would she be glad or angry? The tumult of feeling had reached a point of intensity that paralysed her powers of reasoningshe didn’t know. A single sense remained, the consciousness of chilling loneliness.  With a throb of joy she caught at last the quick hoofbeat of John’s horse sweeping through the gateway in a furious gallop.  He leaped to the ground, and hurried to her side.  “I’m awfully sorry!” he cried, seizing both her hands with eager tenderness. “A most unexpected thing occurred which delayed me thirty minutes. I’ll explain to you later. Come, I’m hungry to see your dear face in the light of these lanterns in that gloomy old room below. I’ve a thousand things to tell you. Life will be too short a time in which to tell it all. I hope you’ve been very lonely and hungry for me to come?”  “I must confess, my heart began to fail me once or twice,” she said seriously, while he felt her hand trembling.  He stooped to light a lantern, and she caught his arm.  “Wait, not yetthe moon is shining brightlywe don’t need it.”  “But you’ll stumble on those dark stairs in the corridor.”  “No matter, wait,” she urged nervously; “I’ll hold your armyou know the way.”  “Yes, I know the way,” he laughed. “Come then, your slightest whim is law.”  He drew her little hand through his arm and picking his steps carefully, led her down through the tangled debris and along the dark corridor without once stumbling, the timid figure clinging close to his side.  “You see a revolutionist soon learns to find his way in the dark without a light,” he said, as they emerged into the kitchen whose wide space was lighted by the moonbeams streaming through the windows.  He released her arm, placed the lantern and a bundle he carried on the top of the range, and said with a laugh:  “Now, shall the actor make up for his part? I’ve the costume all ready. This is the palace of the queen tonight. I have been commanded to appear before her!”  She gave no answer.  He bent and kissed her hand and found it cold and trembling violently.  “You feel the chill of this old basement,” he said with tender solicitude. “I’ll light the lantern at once.”  She caught his hand.  “No! No!Iprefer it like thisthe moonlight is enough.”  “All right,” he answered gaily. “Shall I don my robes as ruler of the Invisible Empire to please the fancy of Your Majesty?”  He opened the bundle and shook out the long white ulsterlike disguise with its double cross of scarlet and gold.  “Put it backI’m not ready yet!” she gasped.  “You’ll laugh and chat a while with the audience before the curtain goes up on the drama!good! I’ve a lot to say. Sit here in the window while I tell you something.”  He led her to the low casement of the window and seated her by his side.  She sprang to her feet instantly, grasping at her heart, her breath coming in quick gasps:  “What’s that!Listen!”  He took her hand soothingly:  “Why, it’s only our horses neighing to each other.”  “You’re sure?” she whispered.  “Of course.”  “I thought it was something else,” she faltered. “My poor little darling! This has been too much for your nervesyou should have allowed me to come with you.”  “Yes, I’m afraid I did make a mistake!” she said in low strained tones.  “Well, there’s nothing to be afraid of nowis there?” he said assuringly.  “No! there’s nothing to be afraid of nowis there?” she laughed hysterically, and suddenly stopped with a suppressed scream.  “My darling!” he exclaimed.  “Listen! Listen! My God, what’s that?”  “It’s nothing dear.”  “It is! Listen! I hear them coming!”  “Impossible, my child, we’re all here!” he laughed. “How could you guess there was anyone coming except you and me?”  “Oh, dear, you don’t understand, and I can’t explain!” she went on frantically. She looked at her watch and couldn’t see.  “Quick, strike a match and see what time it iswe can get away!” she whispered.  He struck the match and saw her eyes gleaming with a strange madness. Stella blew the match out, seized his arm and drew him from the window.  “Not thereby the windowover here in this corner.”  “He struck another match and she masked its light from the window, staring with wideset eyes at the hands of her watch.  “It’s half past nine. It’s too late!” she said hopelessly.  “Come, come, my darling, remember that I am by your sidenothing can harm you except the tongue of gossip, and you’ve shown your contempt for that. Sit down here again in the moonlight and let me tell you the story of my love.”  He led her back to the window and she sank tremblingly by his side.  “I’ve never had the chance to tell you,” he began, with low passionate tenderness, “what a wonderful thing your love has been in my life. The night I met you, I went to your house drunk, with murder in my heart, determined to use the lawless power I wielded to crush your father. I was about to leave with a threat to kill him on my lips. It was no idle threat then. I had entered the vault, pushed open its massive door, stepped inside and saw the way was open.”  “The night you came first, you entered alone the secret way?” she interrupted.  “Yes, I meant to use it if necessary.”  “But you never did! You never did!” she whispered.  “How could I, dearest! I saw your face that night for the first time, heard the low music of your voice, touched your hand, and I was a new man! Love, not hate, has ruled me since. I disbanded the Klan immediately and ordered my men never again to use its power.”  “Disbanded the Klan!” she repeated with choking surprise.  “Yes, and a dastard reorganised it as a local order to further his low ambitions. I’ve done my best to hold in check their crimes and follies. I warned your father of danger the night those fools came. In a madness of love, fear and jealous rage I came down to the house, sat there in dumb pain and watched your beautiful form whirl past the lighted window until I could endure it no longer.” Stella strangled a sob.  “I’ve reproached myself a hundred times I didn’t prevent that masquerade by force. I might have done it. I had some faithful old soldiers from the foothills in town that day whom I had used to capture the scoundrels who committed the outrage on old Nicaroshinski.”  “Hush! hush! before I scream!” Stella cried in anguish, placing her hand on his lips.  Suddenly a white figure stood before the window and his whistle rang through the still night.  Stella sprang to her feet gasping, with horror:  “My God! they’ve come: I must save you! Hide! Hide and give me your revolverthey shall not take youquickquickhide!”  “But, my dear, there’s not the slightest danger. No man who wears that uniform will lift his hand against mesee, I’m going to answer his call with my own signal.”  He lifted the whistle to his lips and she snatched it from his grasp.  “Don’t! Don’t for God’s sake, don’t! you don’t understandOh!JohndarlingI love you! I love you!”  She threw herself into his arms and kissed him, passionately sobbing.  “I’ve tried to hate you, dear, but I couldn’tI couldn’tI know now I’ve loved you always! I must save you, God help me!”  “Well, sir?” called a voice without.  “It’s all right! Come in, boys!” he answered before Stella could stop him. She huddled in his arms paralysed for the moment with terror.  “You must not!they will kill you, dear!” she moaned in agony.  “Nonsense, child, the boys have only a little surprise for us.”  Their feet were already echoing in the corridor and their voices could be heard in whispers and low laughter.  “Hide! please, for the love of God!” she gasped. With sudden fierce strength she pressed him into the shadows and stood panting before him, while the silent ghostlike figures ranged themselves solemnly around the room.  “Stella, my dear, you must not suffer like thisthere is no danger, these are all my men.”  “Your men!your men!” she cried, bewildered.  “Yes, I brought them here tonight in full costume to make a little play complete for the fancy of a queen!”  “My darling,” she sobbed, sinking in his arms.  “We unexpectedly met some ugly customers from the hills we had seen once before. A little pitched battle delayed us thirty minutes, but none of our boys were hurt.”  “Kiss me!” she whispered.  A distant whistle rang through the woods and the picket outside answered.  “What’s that?” Stella gasped.  “He blew the signal, ‘message for the Chief’; he’s from town, I’m afraid,” John answered.  A horse’s hoof echoed on the flagstones before the columns, and in a moment the picket rushed to the window.  “Bad news, sir!”  “What is it?” John asked quietly:  “A regiment of United States cavalry slipped into town just after dark.”  “I’ve been looking for it,” John broke in. “Well?”  “A squadron has surrounded Mrs. Wilson’s boarding house to wait for you.”  “Merciful God! what have I done!” Stella sobbed inaudibly.  John touched her hand soothingly at the sound of her sob, bent low and whispered tenderly:  “It’s all rightdearestyou love me!”     BOOK IIIPRISONER AND TRAITOR     CHAPTER ITHE ARREST  THE news of the arrival of the regiment of cavalry, and the swift silent way in which they had struck their first blow, brought to John Graham at once a sharp realisation of the danger of his men.  Releasing Stella, he turned to the white figures gathered in an excited group and in short sharp accents said:  “I thank you boys for your kindness in coming to the little masquerade we had prepared to celebrate the announcement of my engagement to the woman who is the queen of my heart. Sorry the Yanks have interrupted us. Get home as fast as your horses can carry you. Burn your costumes the minute you reach a safe place. Hide them under your saddles as usual until you can burn them. Leave one at a time and go home by unused roads if possible. And listenevery man of you who can, should leave the state in twentyfour hours and stay until the trouble blows over.”  “What are you goin’ to do?” asked a tall masked figure.  “Don’t worry, Dan. I’ll look out for myself. You boys do the same and do it quick.”  “We’ll stan’ by you if ye give the word,” persisted Dan.  John left Stella’s side, stepped to the men and growled:  “I’ve given the word. Run, and run like hell!”  “We don’t like the orders, Chief, but orders is ordersgit boys!”  The men quickly disappeared, and John took Stella’s hand:  “Come, dearest, we must go.”  “Yes,” she answered, timidly clinging to his arm and holding him back.  “We must hurry,” he urged.  “I won’t hurry,” she said with tender wilfulness.  “When a woman won’t, she won’t,” John laughed.  She gently stroked his hand and slowly slipped her arm in his as she allowed him to lead her out into the moonlight beside the white silent pillars.  “Wait here until I bring the horses,” John said, gently disengaging his arm.  Stella clung to him firmly.  “No, don’t go yet. Why hurry? Let them wait. I wish to be alone with you for a while here on this beautiful spot. It’s all so new and wonderful. This knowing that I love and am loved! I’ve just begun to live the past hour. I’m afraid to go back to the world.”  “I must face some stern realities tonight. But you love me. That’s the only thing of any importance. What do jails matter? They can only imprison the bodymy soul will follow you, hover about you, laugh and cry with you day and night, waking or dreaming.”  “They won’t put you in jail tonight, dear?” she asked, piteously.  “Yes.”  “Then you shall not give yourself up to them! You’ll let me have my own way now that you know that I love you, won’t you, John dear? There! I’ve called your name for the first timehaven’t I?I love your name!You’re not going to give up to themare you?”  “I see no other way, dearest.”  “You told your men to fly. Our horses are fresh. We can put miles between us and these troops before day. I’ll go with you, just as I am in this riding habitno matterI’ll get a dress somewhere when you’re out of danger.”  He slipped his arm about her, bent his tall form, and stopped her with a kiss.  “How sweet to hear you talk this beautiful nonsense!”  “I mean it,” she hurried on earnestly. “We must leave tonight, I don’t know what they may do to you. Something terriblemaybeI can’t think of it! Something may happen to separate us. I want to feel your hand clasping mine like this forever!”  He answered by crushing the little hand in his.  “You won’t go back and let them arrest you, will you, John?” she pleaded, a sob catching her voice.  He was silent and a smile played about his mouth.  “Answer me, John dear! You must do as I say because life is too sweet and beautiful to lose it! You will leave if I go with youwon’t you? My whim you said should be your law. This is my whim, my heart’s desire. Get the horses now, and we’ll make them fly as far from Independence tonight as their heels can carry us! You’ll do this because I ask itwon’t you, darling?”  The little head began to droop, the voice broke, and she lay sobbing in his arms.  He held her close for a moment.  “You know this is impossible, dear!”he said tenderly.  “Yes, I know!” she sobbed.  “My business is to save others now.”  “At least, you’ll go by the house and stay with me a little while?”  “They’ll think I’m hiding.”  “Who cares what they think? I can’t go home alone, can I?”  “Of course, I’ll stop a moment. And now we must hurry.”  He brought the horses and they galloped back to town in silence. Along a dark rough place of the road, they slowed down to a walk, and his hand sought hers.  “What a strange ending to the most wonderful day of my life!” she suddenly cried with passionate tenderness.  “Why strange?” he asked. “I never had a doubt that you would love me. It was written in the Book of Life.”  “But I didn’t know it until tonight.”  “Tell me, dear,” he pleaded; “what sudden flash revealed the truth?”  “Don’t ask me!” she said with a shiver. “I’ll tell you some day.”  “Why not now? This has been a wonderful day for me. I shall never live its like again. I heard for the first time the one woman I love, the only woman I ever loved, the one woman I shall love forever, speak the sweetest words that ever fell from human lips.”  “I love youI love you!” she softly repeated.  “But tell me how you came to know it today?” he urged.  “It’s a secretone I fear that will give me many an hour of anguish. I’ll tell you, dearbut not now.  “I’ll share it with you when you’ll let me.”  “Not this one, John. I need to bear it alone to keep me humble, and sweeten with suffering and fear the bitter, selfish impulses that fight within me. Oh, I want to be good and tender and beautiful and true now!”  “How full of strange moods you’ve been tonight!” he exclaimed.  “Have I dear?”  She caught his hand and pressed it tenderly.  The lights of the town flashed in view from the hill.  They galloped boldly down the main street and into the lawn. As they passed the cabin at the gate, Isaac’s face appeared a moment at the door.  “I didn’t know old Isaac had returned?” John remarked.  “Nor did I,” she replied; “he must have come with those troops.”  A tremor caught her voice as she recalled that Ackerman was in communication with Isaac, and the cords she had been winding about the man by her side began slowly to tighten around her own throat.  He tried to leave her at the door, but she drew him inside.  “You can’t go yet.”  “I must hurry, my love,” he protested. “Those men will think I’m a coward. I should have been at home when they called.”  “Sh!”  She placed her hand over his lips, ignoring his plea.  “I’ve a little experiment to make. My whim is law. Go stand there in the alcove with your hat in your hand fumbling it.”  Laughing with girlish excitement she pressed him into the exact spot he stood the night she first met him, drew back, and gazed tenderly into his face, her big brown eyes dancing with the hysterical strain of the deep halfconscious fear for his safety which had begun to strangle her.  “Have you forgotten the first scene in the drama of our life?” she asked, slowly approaching him with extended hand.  He clasped it with a smile.  “I shall not forget it if I live to be a hundred years old,” he said reverently.  “And yet, you are trying to hurry away from me tonight again. Don’t you like the picture as well now?”  “A thousand times better, dearest,” he cried. “The love that shines in your eyes will make radiant the darkest hour of life. I’ve nothing now to fear. Perfect love has cast out fear. My way’s a shining one whether it leads to a palace or a prison.”  “Come into the dining room,” she whispered, leading him through the door and seating herself at the head of the table. “You remember the night we sat together here?”  “Do I!”  “Would you believe me if I told you that I tried to make you love me that night?”  “You said you tried to hate me.”  “But we can’t always do what we trycan we?” she asked wistfully.  “You did that night I’m sure.”  “And yet, I’m failing tonight!” she sobbed, unable to keep back the tears, “just when I’ve told you that I love you, and the joy and wonder of it all has begun to light the world. Before I’ve thought only of myself. Tonight I’m thinking only of you, my sweetheart! Just as I’ve learned to speak your name I feel you slipping away from meoh, John darling, what will they do to you? Tell metell me!”  “They can only put me in jail tonight.”  “But they shall notthey shall not!” she moaned, clinging close to him. “You shall not let them! You shall not leave this house except to fly with me.”  Stella’s words choked into sudden silence at the shrill angry notes of Aunt Julie Ann’s voice ringing in the hall:  “Git out er dis house, I tells ye, ‘fo I bus’ yo head open wid dis door weight.”  “Mind your own business,” snapped the angry reply.  “I’se mindin’ my own business. Git out dat door, an’ knock ‘fo yer come in! An’ I lets yer in when I gits readywhen my mistis say yer kin come!”  “Faith, an’ I’ll slap ye head off ye shoulders, if ye don’t kape still,”  growled the trooper.  “What do you want in here, yer lowlife sluefooted Yankee?”  “If it’s just the same ter ye, I wants Mr. John Graham, me dusky maiden!”  John suddenly released himself from Stella’s clinging form and stepped through the door into the hall.  “I’m John Graham. What is It?”  “You’re my prisoner, sir, ye’ll have to come with me!”  “I’m ready.”  The sergeant took a step toward John, drawing a pair of handcuffs from his pocket.  Stella sprang between them, her eyes blazing with rage:  “How dare you enter my house without my permission?”  The sergeant stopped in sheer amazement at the fury of her outburst. Recovering himself with a smile he replied:  “Axin yer pardon m’am, it may be rude, but hit ain’t writ in our book of etiquette ter knock at the front door when we’re huntin’ fer a man charged with murder.”  “But he’s not guilty!” Stella stormed.  “I believe ye, Missye’d have an easy time with me. But I ain’t the Coort!”  “Stella, dear,” John pleaded.  “Leave this house!” Stella cried with fury.  “Sure m’am, but yer friend comes wid me,” said the sergeant, taking another step toward John.  “I tell you he’s not guilty! It’s all a mistake. I’ll explain to your commander in the morning.”  John smiled in spite of himself.  “Stella dear, this is nonsense. The sergeant is acting under orders. I must go at once.”  “Ye see, m’am!” said the sergeant with a polite bow.  “All right then, sergeant,” said Stella, suddenly changing her tone, “I’ll excuse you for your rudeness; I’ll go with you.”  “You mustn’t, my love,” John protested.  “Yes, I’m going with you, but I’ve had nothing to eat. We must have supperit’s waiting. Aunt Julie Ann, show the sergeant downstairs and give him supper. Mr. Graham will be ready in half an hour, sergeant.”  The trooper looked doubtfully at John and at Stella, smiling.  “All right m’am. It’s agin my principles as a soldier to leave a good supper to spoilan’, axin yer pardon agin, I’ll station one o’ me men at each door an’ window to make sure we wont lose any of our party durin’ the festivities. It’ll be more sociable like to feel that we’re all here.”  The sergeant placed his men and followed Aunt Julie Ann to the kitchen.  Stella drew John to the old davenport:  “Quick, John darling, through the old secret waythe way of love”  “Dearest!” he said reproachfully.  She extended her hand to press the spring in the panel.  “Quick, the soldier at the door can’t see you. I’ll stand in front. Wait for me in the vault. I’ll let them search the house and when they go, I’ll join you and we can leave before daylight.”  “I must face it. There’s no other way.”  “Yes, yes, this waythe old sweet way of love! I can’t let them take youyou’re mine nowI love youI love you!John, dear, he has big ugly handcuffs. He was going to put them on youdidn’t you see him?”her voice faltered.  “Yes, I saw him.”  “I can’t stand it, John, I can’toh, dear, you don’t understand, and I can’t explainYou love me?”  “Better than life and deeper than death.”  “And yet you refuse my heart’s desire?”  “Only in this. I’m done with lawlessness. I’m not a coward. I’ve led a successful revolution. It had to be, and now with silent lips I’ll face my accusers.”  A hot tear fell on his hand.  “Come, dearest, you must help me,” he pleaded.  “Yes, yes, I will,” she faltered, brushing the tears away. “Come then, we will have this one little supper together, shall we not?”  “Yes. I want to look across that old table into your face again.”  He chatted gaily through the supper and she sat silent, choking back the sobs, unable to eat.  The sergeant bowed at the door:  “Axin yer pardon m’am, but I must hurry now.” John rose and the trooper again drew his handcuffs, Stella watching him with wideset eyes. “I’m sorry, sir, I’ll have to put ’em on.”  “It’s all right, sergeant,” he answered.  Stella sprang between them and placed a trembling little hand on the trooper’s.  “Please, sergeant!”  “Orders, m’am, I’m sorry.”  “Pleaseformysakedon’t. He’ll go with you. I tried to get him to fly with me, and he wouldn’t. You won’t put them on himwill you? For my sake?”  Her voice sank to the softest music of tears. The sergeant hesitated a moment and said gruffly: “All right, for your sake, m’am, I won’t.”  John stooped and kissed her. The door closed behind him and with a low piteous moan Stella sank to the floor, crying:  “God have mercy on me!”     CHAPTER IITHROUGH PRISON BARS  AN IMMENSE crowd had gathered at the hotel awaiting John’s arrival. The news of his arrest had stirred the town to feverish excitement.  Without turning to the right or left, or answering a look of recognition, he marched between two soldiers through the mass of men and boys in the office and climbed the stairs to the rooms of the United States Commissioner who was waiting to receive him.  The Commissioner handed him the warrant and he merely glanced at its title:   “THE UNITED STATES VERSUS JOHN GRAHAM   CONSPIRACY AND MURDER”  “I shall hold you without bail, Mr. Graham,” said the Commissioner.  John merely nodded his head.  “To the county jail, sergeant!”  The soldiers turned and John descended the stairs, and again passed through the crowd, his head erect, his face an immovable mask.  In fifteen minutes the heavy bolt shot into place and he was a prisoner awaiting trial for life, locked in a filthy cell of the common jail of the county of Independence.  He had often been to this jail as a lawyer to interview prisoners whom he had defended at various times, but he had paid no attention to the building. The complaints of the discomforts of the jail he had always taken as a humorous contribution to life.  He was amazed to discover that the place into which he had been suddenly thrust was an inner room opening into a corridor with no means of light or ventilation save the single irongrilled doora veritable hellhole whose heat was so stifling and air so foul with disgusting odours he could scarcely breathe. By the rays of the little kerosene lamp which hung in the corridor, flickering, sputtering and stinking, he saw that there was not a trace of furniture in the room, not even a pile of straw on which to sleep. The floor had evidently not been swept in a year, the dust lay in piles, and the room had just been vacated by four perspiring Negro convicts who had been removed to the penitentiary to serve sentences for burglary, arson and murder.  It was impossible to sit down, it was unthinkable to lie down, and so for five hours back and forth he walked the length of his cell like a caged panther.  For the first hour his proud spirit was sustained by the enormity of the degradation thus heaped upon him. He felt sure that such treatment was given him for a purpose. He knew that all the prisoners of the county were not treated as swine. In his anger he paused once, determined to demand a chair or bed of some kind, and found that he could only make his wants known by yelling down two flights of stairs to the guard who stood at the outer door of the last floor. He could not thus humiliate himself.  For the first time he realised what it meant to be deprived not only of the comforts but the common decencies of human life. In fierce anger he silently raved for two hours and then a strange calm came over his soul. His hands grasped the iron bars of the door and he stood as if in a trance while the unconscious minutes lengthened into hours. A beautiful face bent above him. Her voice, low and tender with the music of love, filled all space. The stifling cell vanished. He was in the open fields with her hand in his. He woke with a laugh, and caught the glint of the first beams of the rising sun stealing through the window of the corridor.  [Illustration: 0295]  A Negro boy brought his breakfast of corn bread and bacon in a dirty tin plate.  John looked at it a minute with a curious smile: “No, thank you, my boy, I’ve just had my breakfast of ambrosia. I’ll take a chair, however, if the jailor can spare one!”  “Yassah, I’ll tell ‘im when I goes down,” he replied. “But I spec dey ain’t none lef. We got lots er boarders now.”  He placed the plate on the floor by the door, and grinned.  “Dey wuz er young lady come ter see ye las’ night, sah, but dey wouldn’t let ’er in!”  John smiled.  “What time was it?”  “Bout two er clock.”  “Yes, I saw her,” John slowly said with a strange look in his deepset eyes. “She came up and stayed with me until sunrise.”  The Negro backed cautiously away muttering. “He got ‘em sho!” and darted down the steps. The fact that he was being kept in solitary confinement and refused communication of any kind with friend or counsel, roused every force of John Graham’s character.  When the Attorney General who had come down from Washington called at ten o’clock he greeted him with a laugh through the bars of his door:  “Excuse my lack of hospitality, General Champion,” he said; “I’d offer you a chair, but the hotel is crowded and we’re short of chairs just now.”  “Haven’t you a chair or a bed in your cell?” he enquired, peering in. “It’s an outrage. Bring two chairs here at once!” he thundered to the attendant.  “Mr. Graham,” said the General cordially, “I’ve hastened to you as a friend. I was a member of Congress with your uncle. We were warm personal friends. I’ve known several of your people, and always found them the salt of the earth.”  “Thanks,” John interrupted, a smile playing about the corners of his eyes.  “I wish to be of help to you if you will let me. It has long been known to the Department of Justice that you are the Chief of the Klan in North Carolina.”  “I congratulate the Department of Justice on the attainment of such interesting knowledge,” John broke in.  “Do you deny it?”  “I’m not discussing it.”  “You must know, Mr. Graham, that the organisation is doomed, and that you are in an extremely dangerous position. I trust you realise this?”  “Quite warm last night, General!”  “Come, come, young man, I’m your friend”  “It’s a pleasure to meet a friend; do you think it will rain?”  “You are to be put on trial for your life”  “My idea is that we are in for a long dry spell, General.”  “Tut, tut, my boy, come now, don’t try my temper with such nonsense. President Grant is not hostile to the South. He grieves over the necessity of the severe laws which he is now enforcing. His only desire is to pacify these disorders. The Klan must be stamped out. You have realised thisI know that you have led parties who have inflicted summary justice on some of the scoundrels who are operating in its disguises. Is not this a fact?”  John laughed.  “I know it,” affirmed the General.  “Then why ask me?”  “I know that you have tried to stamp out the disorders,” the General repeated. “Whatever the impulses which led a man of your high character into this lawless conspiracy, you have realised at last its dangerous character. You are in a position to render the South and the Nation an enormous service. Help me to restore law and order in the South and the Government will show its gratitude.”  “You mean exactly?”  “That you give me the information needed to wipe the Invisible Empire out of existence”  “And in return?”  The General placed his hands on the bars and leaned close.  “The President has promised me to immediately appoint you an Assistant Prosecuting Attorney, and in six months promote you to the high honour of a United States Circuit Judgeship.”  John’s fist suddenly shot through the iron bars, struck the General in the mouth, and hurled him in a heap against the wall of the corridor, as he cried with rage:  “Dn you! How dare you thus insult me?”  The General picked up his broken glasses from the floor, wiped a drop of blood from his lip, shook his fist at the man who glared at him through the barred door, and shouted:  “I’ll make you pay dearly for this!”  John laughed in his face.  “But you won’t make me that offer again, will you?”     CHAPTER IIIA WOMAN’S WAY  IT WAS one o’clock before Stella recovered from the first collapse of terror for the fate of her lover. And then the imperious will summoned every energy to the struggle for his liberty and life.  She changed her riding habit and, taking Maggie, started at half past one in the morning to find Ackerman.  She had gone half way to Mrs. Wilson’s before she recalled the startling fact that her relations to Ackerman were unknown, and the still more painful fact that all knowledge of her relations to the detective must now be concealed with the utmost care. She felt instinctively that if John Graham discovered her plan to entrap him into a confession and her betrayal of his generous trust in her love, he could not forgive it. She shivered at the thought of his anger and disgust.  “We’ll go to the jail, Maggie,” she said, with sudden energy, “where is it?”  “Right down de nex street, I show ye,” Maggie answered. “I been dar lots er times. I wuz down dar yistiddy ter see my uncle Joe start ter de penitentiary.”  Stella shuddered, followed her down the side street, and knocked at the jail door.  No one answered. She knocked again and again. Finally the jailor thrust his head from the window above, saw it was a woman, shut the sash with a bang and went back to bed.  Stella looked at the grim walls with a sense of blind fury.  “I’ll show that insolent lazy rascal tomorrow morning how to treat me,”  she cried, as she turned and started home. When they reached the corner she stopped, looked back at the jail looming black, silent and threatening among the shadows, and her heart went out in an agony of piteous yearning to the man within its walls.  Maggie pointed to the mass of trees behind the jail.  “See dem trees dar behin’ de house?”  Her mistress gave no answer, and the maid rattled on in awed whispers:  “Dars where dey hang folks! Dey’s er high fence roun’ de yard, but ye can see over it from here. I stan’ right on dis corner an’ see ’em hang a man dar las’ year.”  “Hush Maggie!” Stella sternly commanded.  “Yassum.”  Stella hurried home, and paced the floor of her room until morning.  At eight o’clock, in answer to her urgent summons, Ackerman came.  “You are sure no one saw you enter?” she asked nervously.  “Yes, but why such caution now? Our work is done, and well done. I congratulate you on the skill with which you did your part.”  “I had nothing to do with it. I’ve sent for you to have the whole thing stopped at once.”  “You had nothing to do with it!” Ackerman exclaimed.  “Absolutely nothing. I repudiate the whole affair.”  “I came here to do this work at your own request,” he protested.  “The arrest of Mr. Graham is an infamous outrage!”  “What!”  “An infamous outrage. I repeat it and demand his immediate release.”  “Why, my dear young woman, it was on the information which you gave that I swore out the warrant for his arrest.”  “It was you who swore out the warrant against him?” Stella fiercely cried. “Oh, I could kill you!”  “You gave me the information.”  “I did nothing of the kind,” she stormed. “It’s falseI deny it!”  “On your statement to me that he had confessed that he was Chief of the Klan, I made the oath on which his warrant was based,” Ackerman maintained with warmth.  “Then you swore a lie!” she hissed. “A liea lie!”  Stella fell on the lounge and buried her face in her hands.  Ackerman flushed and was silent. His keen eyes grew suddenly tender. He smiled, rose and stood by her side a moment, and when she looked up extended his hand.  “I’m sorry for you, Miss Stella. I think I understand!”  “Then you will know how to forgive my bitter and unjust words?”  “Yes.”  “Can’t you help me?” she asked piteously.  “The situation is extremely delicate for me as it is dangerous for John Graham. The Government is determined to press these cases for conspiracy and murder. Personally I have never believed Graham guilty of the murder of the Judge.”  “Of course he is innocent!”  “I think I know the man who killed your father.”  “And you will help me save John Graham?” she cried.  “I’ll have a big job before me to complete my work before this trial. There’ll be plenty of witnesses to swear anything the Government wants, but I’ll do my best.”  “Thank you.”  With a cordial grasp of the hand Ackerman took his leave and Stella hastened to confer with the Attorney General.  “I’ve come to demand the immediate release of Mr. Graham on the absurd charge that has been made against him,” she began impetuously.  The General looked at her in astonishment. “Hoity toity! My dear Miss, not so fast.”  “You began this at my request. I demand that it cease.”  “Yes, yes, I see, but you have forgotten that greater issues are at stake than even the lives of two men.”  “I’ll have nothing to do with the prosecution of an innocent man, General Champion.”  “Even so, you have set in motion forces you can not control. The fate of Mr. Graham is fixed. He is the Chief of the Klan. He’s as sure of conviction as the fact that he is to be put on trial. I’ll see that he is tried and that all the resources of the Government are used to secure his conviction.”  Stella’s beautiful face grew white and still.  “You will make a special effort against him?” she faltered.  “I will,” was the stern answer. “There was a way of escape. I offered it to him this morning in the most friendly and generous spirit. His answer was the gravest personal insult.”  “May I see him at once?”  “Certainly.”  The General hastily wrote an order and Stella hurried to the jail.  She determined to make a desperate appeal to induce him to compromise with the authorities and save his life.  At the sight of the heavy iron bars of his door before which John stood smiling, she broke completely down, seized his extended hand, covered it with kisses and sobbed bitterly.  “Come, come, my beautiful one, this is not like you! I’ve counted on your brave spirit to win this fight. Not another tear. Courage and laughter in our souls, defiance, scorn, contempt for our enemies! See, they have made me quite comfortable within the past hour. I tried to knock the Attorney General down, and lo, they rewarded me with a cot and a chair!”  “You knocked General Champion down?” Stella gasped in amazement.  “I did my best under difficulties. Think of it, my dear! He offered me an office for the betrayal of my people! I couldn’t kill him. I was behind the bars, but I shall always thank God that he stood close enough for my fist to reach his mouth.”  John broke into a joyous laugh. His spirit was contagious. Stella looked at him with wonder until a smile stole through the clouds that shadowed her own brow.  “How beautiful you are this morning, dearest!” he cried exultantly.  She brushed the tears from her eyes.  “I tried to see you last night at two o’clock,” she softly said.  “And succeeded, my love,” he interrupted smiling. “You came up and stood there and talked to me just as you are now. You told me to be of good cheerthat you loved me. That you hated a sneak and a coward and a traitor. That you had rather see me cold in death than stoop to a low dishonourable deed, even for all the honours of earth. And I lifted up my head in courage. I forgot jails and handcuffs, courts and trials. You took me by the hand and led me away into green fields through the deep woods beside beautiful waters. All night hand in hand we roamed through the mystic world of Lovethe only world of realitiesI was angry with the sun for waking me!”  “My darling, I’m not worthy of such love,” Stella cried, pressing his hand. “What can I do to help you?”  “Keep on loving methat’s the main thing!incidentally consult a lawyerthe best you can findtell him that I’m going to fight, fight, fight to the last ditch my own cause and the cause of my people! Keep out of old Champion’s way. He carries a bribe in one hand, a death warrant in the other. Don’t let him know your plans. Don’t let him know that you love me.”  Stella lifted her head with sudden resolution.  “I’ll get the best lawyer in America. I’ll mortgage the house for the money.”  “My little heroine!” he exclaimed with pride.  “I’ll go at once.”  Through the iron bars she pressed her lips and hurried to the telegraph office with the light of new courage shining in her eyes.     CHAPTER IVTHE HON. STEPHEN HOYLE  STEVE HOYLE was confined to his room with a bullet hole through the flesh of his right arm the day following the meeting at Inwood.  He wrote Stella a letter informing her that John Graham had hired a gang of thugs to attempt his assassination on the night he was to meet her, that he had been desperately wounded in her service, and begged that she call at once.  Stella sent him a reply that cut deeper than the bullet from John’s revolver. It was very brief. Steve read it with muttered curses:  _Mr. Stephen Hoyle,_  _I have long suspected that you were a liar. Last night you proved yourself a coward. Our acquaintance has ended._  _Stella Butler._  Steve paced his room in a speechless rage for an hour, dressed to call on her and demand an interview, and suddenly changed his mind at the sight of a squad of troops hurrying past his door.  The arrest of John Graham had brought him to the verge of collapse. He trembled at the thought that his turn might come next, and feared to put his head out the door.  When ten minutes later the soldiers who had passed suddenly appeared at every exit of his house and loudly knocked for entrance, he dropped into a chair shivering with abject terror.  When arrested he turned his heavy white face toward the sergeant piteously.  “I beg of you, officer, allow me to stay here under guard. I am desperately wounded, by an accident.”  “You’ll have to go to jail,” the trooper snapped.  “But, my dear man, I can’t. I can’t walk,” he gasped with laboured breath. “Just let me stay here under arrest until I can arrange with the authorities to give bail.”  “Ye’ll have ter fix that at headquarterscome on,” he answered gruffly, seizing Steve and lifting him to his feet.  The heavy form collapsed and he sank in a heap on the floor.  The sergeant looked at him a moment with contempt, turned to his men and said:  “Keep him under guard till I report.”  The moment he had gone, Steve revived and crawled in bed, his teeth chattering with a nervous chill. The soldiers sat down and laughed in his face, and cracked jokes about the bravery of men who could ride well at night but sometimes fainted in the daylight.  The Attorney General had ordered Steve’s arrest on a shrewd guess which Ackerman had made on hearing of the strange fight between two groups of horsemen in the country at dusk the night before. The detective had seen the doctor leaving Hoyle’s house and learned at once that Steve was wounded.  In attempting to serve the warrant on John Graham he had found that he had ridden into the country alone in the direction taken by Steve Hoyle. Ackerman had long suspected Steve of complicity in the movements of the Klan, and knowing the deadly enmity between the two men had at once reached the conclusion that a feud within the ranks of its members could alone account for the situation.  “Arrest Hoyle,” he urged on Champion; “threaten him with immediate conviction for conspiracy and murder and see what happens.”  The Attorney General had taken his advice, and on receiving the report of Steve’s “illness” from the sergeant, went immediately to see him.  Steve was profuse in his expressions of cordiality.  “I’m sorry, General Champion,” he said, with loud friendliness, “that my father and mother are in the North at present. They spend a great deal of their time up there among you good Yankees. The fact is they are specially fond of you. My father, you know, was a secret Union man during the war and has always voted your ticket since, though for social reasons he don’t say much about it down here.”  Steve winked and laughed feebly.  “Is it so?” asked the General.  “Yes, of course,” Steve hurried on, “and I want to ask you as a personal favour to my father, if not to me, to accept my bail for £10,000. The whole thing, I assure you, is an absurd mistake. My father and I can convince you of this on his return.”  The General pursed his lips and watched Steve shrewdly for a moment.  “I’m sorry I can’t accommodate you, Mr. Hoyle. We cannot accept bail in cases of this kind. You must realise at once that you are in a very dangerous position. Beyond a doubt your life is in peril.”  Steve attempted to laugh but choked with terror, saying feebly:  “Oh, not so bad as that, General. I’m a lawyer myself you know. I can only be tried on a charge of murder before a state judge and jury. You have no right to put a man on trial for his life here.”  “Right or no right, young man, we are going to do it under the Act of Congress. We’ve got the power. The army is here. The Supreme Court may decide the Act unconstitutional later.”  “I assure you, General, the charge against me is a monstrous falsehood,”  Steve protested vigorously.  “And yet, my boy, the men have found in the search of this house a full Ku Klux regalia for man and horse. Sergeant, bring that thing in!”  The trooper stepped in the door and held up before Steve’s astonished gaze the costume which he had taken under his saddle the night before on his trip to meet Stella.  Steve sat up in bed trembling and perspiring.  “Why, yes, of course,” he stammered. “That has been here for some time. I’ve made no attempt to conceal it. It was given me by a client of mine who was a member. I’m keeping it as a curiosity.”  “A dangerous curiosity to keep about your house in these times, sir,”  said the General sternly. “Let’s come to the point. Do you wish to keep out of jail or do you wish to test the power of the United States Government to put you on trial for your life?”  “I want to keep out of jail,” was the quick answer.  “That’s sensible. Then face the facts. My detective has watched you for three months. I can convict you of murder.”  Steve fumbled his hands nervously while the General paused and gazed steadily at his wavering eyes.  “Now, I’ve a generous proposition to make you.”  “Yes?yes?” Steve gasped.  “One that will give you an opportunity to prove yourself a patriot and a heroa patriot because you will render your country a great servicea hero because you must brave the scorn of every white man and woman whose opinion is worth anything to you. Will you consider it?”  “Yes,” Steve answered.  “Give me the information needed to destroy the Invisible Empire and I will not only release you from custody; I will make you my assistant and ultimately secure your promotion to a judgeship. Your answer?”  “I’ll do it, General, I’ll do it!” Steve cried, while the maudlin tears of a coward’s relief from mortal fear coursed down his fat cheeks. “I’ll stand by you and help save our country by restoring law and order.”  The General thanked and congratulated him, again called him a patriot and hero and sent for his stenographer. For four hours he was closeted with Steve.  At dusk the soldiers moved with sure tread in every county in Piedmont Carolina, and before the sun rose the blow had fallen swift, relentless, terrible!  The Klan leaders in every county were behind the bars.  More than five hundred arrests were made in the county of Independence. Around the jail, and half a dozen improvised prisons, throngs of sadfaced wives, mothers, sisters and sweethearts stood silently weeping.  The next morning Champion wired the President asking that the Honourable Stephen Hoyle be appointed acting Assistant United States District Attorney, and his request was granted.     CHAPTER VACKERMAN CORNERED  THE arrest of John Graham precipitated a crisis between Ackerman and Susie Wilson which was as unexpected as it was embarrassing to the handsome young detective.  From the moment she had seen his letter on Stella’s bed she had watched the young Northerner with the keenest suspicions.  The following day he pressed his love with straightforward earnestness.  She answered with an evasive smile.  “I appreciate the honour you pay me, Mr. Ackerman, but I’m not in love with you. I hope we shall always be friends. If your love endures it may win mine in the endif you persist.”  “I have your permission to persist?”  “Certainly,” she answered frankly. “I love to be loved.”  “All right,” he said with a boyish laugh. “I’m going to build my house in the fall.”  On the day following John Graham’s arrest she saw Ackerman emerge from the hotel in earnest consultation with the Attorney General. To her the prosecuting officer of the United States at that moment meant all that was vile and hateful in the tyranny under which the South had groaned since the dawn of her memory.  The moment she saw Ackerman with this man, his very name became to her accursed. Her keen intuition at once linked the letter to Stella with the murder of the Judge and the prosecution of the Klan. She was sure that Ackerman had been playing the hypocrite and was at heart an enemy of the South. She determined not only to cut his acquaintance but put him out of her mother’s house.  When the young detective received a written notice from Susie to vacate his room immediately, he took it to be a practical joke and asked to see her. She sent word by the servant that unless he moved during the day his trunk would be thrown on the sidewalk.  Ackerman left in answer to a summons from the Attorney General’s office, still puzzling his brain over the meaning of the joke. He was sure that she could not possibly know of his oath against John Graham which was a secret of the Department of Justice. He was equally sure that she could not suspect his real business in Independence. He meant to win her love first. He didn’t care what she thought of his profession afterwards.  When he returned to Mrs. Wilson’s for supper he was struck dumb by the sight of his trunk lying on the sidewalk outside the gate.  Without a word he picked it up, carried it back upstairs and threw it on the floor with a bang in front of the room that had been his.  He sat down on it and refused to stir until Susie answered in person his demand for an interview.  To avoid a scene she finally consented to meet him in the parlour.  Susie’s gray eyes were cold and her tall figure rigid.  “In violation of every law that should govern the conduct of a gentleman you have forced yourself into my presence Mr. Ackerman. I trust our interview may be very brief.”  “In violation of every law of Southern hospitality, to say nothing of the rules which should govern the temper of a lady, you have thrown me out of your house without rhyme or reason. And before I go I respectfully but firmly ask, why?”  “You have pretended to be a friend of our people I find that you are an enemya sneak and a hypocrite.”  Ackerman’s cheeks blushed redder than usual; he bit his lips and finally burst into laughter.  “Is that all?”  Susie rose with dignity.  “It’s quite enough for my mother and myself.”  “But it’s not enough for me, Miss Susie. My defence against your unjust suspicions is perfect. I will make it if necessary. I trust it will not be necessary.”  “You might include in your defence an explanation of why you were corresponding with Stella Butler while you were writing love to me?”  “Who said that I wrote to Miss Butler?”  “I say it. I saw your letter in her room the day you declared your love for me.”  Ackerman was cornered. He must confess and betray Stella’s secret or keep silent and wreck his own hopes. His decision was instantly made.  “Miss Susie, you’ve got me. I give up. I’m not a sneakbut I am a hypocrite by profession.”  “You confess it?” Susie cried with scorn. “Yes,” he whispered. “I am a trusted detective of the United States Secret Service. I am not the enemy of your people. On the other hand, I have learned to love and sympathise with them. Perhaps my love for you has given me that point of view. Anyway, I’ve taken it. I am simply here as an officer on duty under command of his superior.”  Susie’s face softened. She saw at once her mistake.  “And your duty led you into correspondence with Miss Butler?5’  “I regret to be compelled to answer, but it did.”  “She has aided in your work?”  “Yes. I reported to her by order of the Chief on arrival, and have been in constant communication with her at every step since.”  “Up to the hour of John Graham’s arrest?” Susie asked breathlessly.  “Yes.”  “Oh, the little fiend! I could strangle her!” the girl cried.  “I’m sorry to have to betray this confidence. But you have forced me.”  “And you are pressing the charge of murder against John Graham?”  “On the other hand, I am not. If my plans succeed, I’ll explode a bombshell in the court room the day he faces the jury.”  Susie extended her hand.  “I beg your pardon for my rudeness. Alfred will put your trunk back immediately, if you will stay.”  Ackerman mounted to his room and unpacked his trunk, humming a love song while Susie put on her hat and left with swift firm step to find Stella Butler.     CHAPTER VITHROUGH DEEP WATERS  STELLA had hurried to the jail with a bouquet of flowers earlier than usual, accompanied by Maggie who carried a dainty breakfast. She wished to be the first to tell John Graham of the blow which had fallen on his people. She had forgotten that the jail in which he lay had been jammed with prisoners during the night. Four of his friends were crowded into the cell in which he was confined.  Her heart sank at the sight of the pitiful crowds of weeping women who stood at the jail door, some of them with sick babies in their arms.  A little towheaded boy sat on the steps, with his lips quivering and the big tears slowly rolling down his cheeks. She recognised him as the one she saw in front of her house the night of the Klan’s first parade.  She bent over him and took his hand:  “What’s the matter?”  The boy’s breast heaved and he choked, unable to answer, bent his sunburnt head on Stella’s hand and burst into strangling tears.  She stroked his hair, and at length he sobbed:  “They’ve got my big brother in herelockedupinacage! They’re going to kill him, and he ain’t got nobody but me to help him. I ain’t nothing but a little boy. I can’t get no money, and I can’t do nothing. Oh, me! oh, me!”  He bowed again and sobbed as though his heart would break.  Stella slipped her arm around his neck and placed a rose in his hand.  “Hush dear, I’ll be your friend and his. I’ve got money. I’ll help yougive the rose to your brother and come to see me.”  “Will you, Miss?” he cried, leaping up with joy. “Make’em let me go in with you and I’ll tell him!”  Stella took him by the hand and led him into the jail.  When the jailor frowned at the boy, she said with a smile:  “He’s a little friend of mine. He’ll go in with me.”  The boy nestled close to her side and gripped her hand tightly. When they reached the first corridor, he sprang to a grated door and seized his brother’s hand. As she passed on Stella heard him say joyously:  “It’ll be all right, Jim, don’t worry. She’s a goin’ to help us. She told me so. She’s richshe’ll get us a lawyer.”  Stella climbed the stairs to John’s door with a great voiceless fear in her soul. The thought of his discovery of her betrayal stopped the very beat of her heart.  To her surprise she found him strangely calm.  “It’s sweet of you to come so early,” he said with a smile.  “Love makes one’s feet swift, doesn’t it?” she answered softly.  “And beautiful!” he cried. “I’m going to make you happier by giving you more work. Don’t bring me anything more to eat or any more flowers until you’ve made the other fellows comfortable. I’m all right, but a lot of the poor boys who have just come have broken down. Oh, God, if I could have gotten my hands on the throat of the traitor last night!”  Never had she seen a more terrible look on a human face. Stella gazed at his convulsed features fascinated with fear.  “You’ll help the boys, won’t you, dear, for my sake?” he asked suddenly. “Susie Wilson and her mother will join you.”  Stella answered with a start:  “Whyof course, John. I’ll go at once.”  “And dear!” he called as she turned quickly.  “The lawyer whom you engage for me must take all their cases. I’ll stand or fall with my people.”  “Yes, I understand.”  Stella hurried home with her soul in a tumult of conflicting purposes. She felt it yet too dangerous to confess the dual rôle she had played; yet with each hour’s startling events the agony of fear lest he discover her betrayal became more and more intense.  One thing she could do at once. She would make the cause of his men her own, she would make her ministry of love so tender and unselfish, her sacrifices so generous he must hear her plea when the awful moment of her confession should come.  She had just given Aunt Julie Ann orders to prepare three meals each day for every man in jail with John, and was about to start for the garden to cut more flowers, when Maggie ushered Susie Wilson into the hall.  “I’m so glad you’ve come,” Stella cried. “I was just going to ask you and your mother to help us make those men comfortable who have been put in jail. Mr. Graham was sure you would join me.”  Susie stared at Stella for a moment and slowly said:  “Is it possible!”  “Why, what’s the matter?” Stella asked. “Won’t you sit down?”  “I prefer to stand, thank you, and to come straight to the point,” Susie answered with quiet emphasis. “May I ask you some questions?”  Stella flushed and her first impulse was to show her questioner to the door, but she felt the dangerous menace in Susie’s tone and knew that she had suspected at least part of the truth. It was necessary to fence.  “Why, as many as you like,” she replied with a light laugh.  “You have told John Graham that you love him?”  “Your question is an impertinence. It’s none of your business.”  “I have made it my business.”  “Then the sooner you recover your selfrespect the better,” Stella sneered.  “What do you mean?” Susie’s gray eyes danced with anger.  “That you are desperately and hopelessly in love with John Graham yourself, and that you haven’t pride and character enough to hold up your head before his indifference, and his patronising contempt. I have won him, and you come with cheap insults for the woman he loves.”  Susie’s eyes grew dim.  “Your accusation is infamously false,” she cried with choking emotion.  “You deny that you love him?” Stella flashed.  “I glory in itif you will know!” Susie cried in dreamy tenderness. “I’ve always loved him with a girl’s blind worship of the hero of her dreams. And I shall cherish every gentle word that he has ever spoken to me. The impulse which brought me here wasn’t the vulgar desire to insult the woman he loves. I came to save his life.”  Stella sprang to her feet, her face scarlet, her breath coming in quick gasps of anger.  “What do you mean?”  “I’ll tell you if you answer my questions. Do you dare tell me that you love him?”  Stella drew herself up proudly.  “You have no right to ask that question. But I answer it. I do love him and I have told him.”  Susie confronted her with flashing eyes.  “Then you have deceived him!”  “How dare you thus insult me in my house,” Stella cried with flaming cheeks.  “I’ll leave your house and never enter it again. You can also rest assured that John Graham’s foot will never again cross this threshold when I have told him the truth.”  “Whenyouhavetoldhimthetruth!” Stella gasped. “What truth?”  “That you have betrayed him and his people to his enemies.”  “It’s false! It’s false!” Stella panted. “You lie. You lie, because you hate me! You hate me because you love him. Tell him if you dare. He will laugh in your face! Try ittry itI dare you!” Her voice rose and fell, quivering and breaking in hoarse whispers of passion.  Susie stood quietly and coldly staring at her with lips upturned in scorn.  “If he doubts my word, Mr. Ackerman’s will be sufficient.”  “Ackerman!” Stella moaned, staggering to the table.  “Mr. Ackerman of the Secret Service who came here in answer to your call.”  “Hehastoldyou?”  “Yes, and I know the whole black hideous truth. I know that you hate John Graham, that you have used your devil’s beauty to entrap and betray him.”  “I swear that I love him!” Stella groaned as she sank to a chair.  “As you’ve sworn to him no doubt while you lured him to his ruin. I hate youI hate youand I could strangle you!”  The tall lithe form trembling with fury towered above Stella’s shivering little figure.  “Susie, you are mistaken,” she faltered. “Come into the library a moment and I’ll convince you that you are wrong.”  She seized Susie’s hand and led her into the library, sinking again into a chair.  “See, here is a mortgage for ten thousand dollars on this house which I’ve prepared to raise the money for two great lawyers from the North who are coming to defend him.”  “From the North?”  “Yes.”  “You mean to convict him,” Susie cried. “Another shrewd trick you are playing. Your lawyers will gain his confidence, learn his secrets, betray and send him to his death. But, I’ll warn him!”  “Susie, you can’t believe this of me! The pledging of this house is the first great act of selfsacrifice of my life. The joy of it has been a sweet revelation to me. You must hear me when I tell you that I love him with passionate devotion. I’d give my life for him if I could!”  “And yet you brought Ackerman here and hounded him for three months until at last he lies in a filthy jail with the shadow of death over himand you call this love?”  The tall form again towered in rage above the shrinking figure.  “Wait! I must tell you all, Susie. You know but half the truth. Listen dear, I did try to avenge my father’s death. I believed John Graham guilty. I did lure him on to love me only to find that I loved him! I tried to hate him and couldn’t. I’ve betrayed only his name to Ackerman. I could tear my tongue out for it. If he learns of it, he will turn from me and hate me! Susie darling, I’ve been proud and vain and wilful. Now I’m a poor little girl alone, friendless and lost. You’re stronger than I am. Have pity on me. Be a mother to meI’m lonely and heartsick. You know what it is to love. If he turns from me now before I can atone for the wrong I have done him, I can’t live. Youbelievemenowdear?”  Susie’s eyes filled with tears.  “Yes, I believe you now.”  Stella’s head sank on the table and her form shook with sobs.  Susie gently stroked the curling black hair, and said:  “I’ll help you. We’ll work together to save his life.”  In a moment they were sobbing in each other’s arms.     CHAPTER VIITHE PRISONER AT THE BAR  WHEN the day of trial dawned, Stella had succeeded in securing the services of two of the greatest lawyers in America, Reverdy Johnson of Maryland, Attorney General in the Cabinet of President Taylor, and Henry Stanbery of Ohio, Attorney General in the Cabinet of Andrew Johnson.  The Government was represented by the finest legal talent its vast resources and power could command.  For eleven days, before two presiding judges of the United States Circuit Court, the fierce battle of legal giants raged. The great lawyers for the defence fought every inch of ground with dogged tenacity.  Stella watched from day to day with breathless intensity as she sat by John Graham’s side.  It soon became plain that the Court had constituted itself a partisan political tribunal for the purpose, not of administering justice, but of crushing the enemies of the party in power.  Every decision was against the prisoner, though, in deference to the distinguished character of the lawyers for the defence, they were allowed to argue each point. The profound and accurate learning with which they reviewed the Constitutional law of the Republic was a liberal education to the shallow little partisans who sat on the judge’s bench before them. But their eloquence and learning fell on the ears of men whose decisions were already made.  In violation of the rights of the prisoner under the constitutions of the state and nation the indictment for murder was ordered to immediate trial.  From the moment the actual proceedings of the trial began, the Government had no delay or difficulty.  With sinking heart Stella saw the disgraceful travesty of justice draw each moment the cords of death closer about the form of the man she loved.  The jury corruptly chosen for this case marked the lowest tide mud to which the administration of justice ever sank in our history. A white freeman, a man of culture and heroic mould, whose fathers created the American Republic, was arraigned to plead for his life before a jury composed of one dirty, ignorant white scalawag and eleven coalblack Negroes! The white man was not made its foreman, a Negro teamster was chosen.  Steve Hoyle became at once the presiding genius of the prosecution. The court room was thronged with liars, perjurers and sycophants who hung about his fat figure with obsequious deference. Old Larkin, who came from the Capitol to assist the prosecution, sat constantly by Steve’s side.  John Graham watched Steve with cold deadly hate, but he had warned his men under no conceivable circumstances to lift a hand in resistance either to constituted authority, or to give the traitor his deserts. A pall of helpless grief and fear hung over every decent white man who witnessed the High Court of Justice of the AngloSaxon race suddenly transformed into a Negro minstrel farce on which hung their liberty and life.  The star witness of the prosecution was Uncle Isaac A. Postle. He took his seat before the jury, grinning and nodding at two of his dusky friends among them with calm assurance.  Isaac was allowed to tell a marvellous rambling story of Ku Klux outragesstories which he had heard from Larkinabout whose truth he could possibly know nothing. In vain the lawyers for the defence objected. The court overruled every objection and allowed the Apostle free scope to his vivid imagination.  Reverdy Johnson, the distinguished exAttorney General of the United States who stood before the judges protesting with dignity, bowed to the Bench and sat down in disgust with the quiet remark:  “We shall offer no further objection to anything that may be said in this Court.”  He had scarcely taken his seat when Ackerman moved his chair behind him and began to whisper.  The District Attorney watched the detective in astonishment, while Hoyle and Larkin bent their heads together in excited conference.  Susie looked at Stella, smiled and blushed.  Isaac finally came to specific charges against John Graham.  “Now tell the court what you know about John Graham’s connection with the murder of Judge Butler,” said Steve, who was conducting his examination.  “Yassah, I knows all ’bout it, sah. Mr. John Graham de very man dat kill de jedge wid his own han’. I see ’im when he do it. Dey come slippin’ up back er de house, an’ creep in froo de winder while de odder folks wuz in de ballroom dancin’. Dey wuz eight un ’emyassah. Dey slip up an’ grab de jedge an’ hol’ ’im while Mr. John Graham stick a knife right in his heartyassah. I wuz lookin’ right at ’im froo de winder when he done it. When he kill ’im, dey all mix up wid de odder Ku Kluxes what wuz dancin’, an’ go way tergedder.”  “Take the witness,” said Steve with a wave of his hand.  “How did you know it was Mr. Graham?” asked General Johnson.  “I seed ’im wid my own eyes.”  “He wore a complete disguise, did he not?”  “Yassah, but I seed ’im all de same.”  “You could see through the mask?”  “I seed ’imI done tole ye!”  “Answer my question,” sternly commanded the lawyer. “Could you see his face through the mask?”  “Nasah.”  “Then how did you recognise him?”  “He tuck it off ter scratch his head, sah, an’ I see his face. I knowed it wuz him all de time fo’ I see his face.”  Ackerman whispered to the lawyer.  “Did you tell Mr. Ackerman, Uncle Isaac, that, as you started to run away from the masqueraders that night, you saw John Graham at your gateran into him?”  “Nasah, I nebber say no sech thing!” Isaac shouted, glaring and shaking his head at Ackerman.  “Didn’t you tell the same gentleman that later in the evening you saw John Graham seated on a rustic near the house watching it from the outside?”  “Nasah! dat I didn’t!”  “Do you know that if you swear a lie”  “I ain’t swar no lie!” Isaac interrupted with religious fervour. “I’se de Lord’s Sanctified One, sah. I ain’t done no sin since I got sanctification. Yassah, praise God!”  “Don’t you know,” repeated the lawyer, “that if you swear to a lie on that witness stand you can be sent to the penitentiary for perjury?”  “I knows dey ain’t gwine sen’ me darI knows dat,” Isaac said with a grin, and his Negro acquaintances in the jury box laughed.  The lawyer changed his line of questions. “You say you saw John Graham strike the deathblow?”  “Yassah, I see ’im wid dese very eyes.”  “Were you close enough to hear what was said?”  “Yassah, I wuz right dar by de open winder.”  “What did he say?”  “Des ez he raise de knife he say, ‘I got you now, you d Black Radical ‘Publican!’”  “You swear that you heard him say that he killed the Judge because he was a Republican?”  “Yassah! dat’s what de Ku Kluxes kill ’em all fur, sah!”  Larkin shuffled uneasily, bent again in conference with Steve who rose immediately and asked for an adjournment of two hours.  When the Court reassembled and Isaac took his seat in the witness chair, Aunt Julie Ann’s huge form suddenly appeared in the doorway with her hand resting confidingly on Alfred’s arm. They walked inside the railing of the bar and took seats assigned to them behind John Graham’s counsel. Aunt Julie Ann handed Ackerman a pair of Isaac’s old shoes. He measured them quickly on a diagram which he drew from his pocket.  Isaac watched Aunt Julie Ann and Alfred with mouth opened in wonder, rage and growing fear.  He rose and bowed to the judges.  “I gotter ax de cote ter perteck me, gemmens,” he said falteringly.  “What do you mean?” asked a judge.  “Dat nigger Alfred dar tryin’ ter steal my wife from me, sah!”  Alfred grinned, and patted Aunt Julie Ann’s hand and whispered: “Doan min’ de lowlive rascal, honey!”  “Yassah, an’ my wife come here tryin’ ter timidate me, sah. She jes fetch er par er my ole shoes inter dis cote. She’s a cunjer ‘oman, sah. I try ter sanctify her, but she won’t stay sanctified. She got a kink er my hair las’ night and wrap it up in a piece er paper and put it under de cote house do’ step, an’ she say dat ef I walk over dat into dis house terday an’ jestify ergin Marse John Graham she fling er spell over me. I ax de cote fer perfection, sah. I axes de Sheriff ter take dat bunch er hair from under dem steps fo’ I say annuder word!”  “Silence, sir, and proceed with your testimony,” said the Judge.  Aunt Julie Ann fanned her fat face, smiled at Stella and Susie and quietly slipped her hand in Alfred’s.  Isaac dropped into his chair limp and crestfallen. In a sort of dazed trance he kept his eye fixed on Alfred’s face grinning in triumph.  John’s lawyer pounced on him in sudden sharp accents.  “Is this a pair of your shoes, Isaac?”  “Yassah,” was the listless answer.  “You wore these shoes the night the Judge was killed, didn’t you?”  “Yassah.”  “You’re sure of it?”  “Yassah. Dem’s my ole ones. I got a new pair now.”  The lawyer stepped close and in threatening tones asked:  “Will you explain to this Court what your shoes were doing making tracks in the soft mud of the underground passage from the family vault of the Graham house the night of this murder?”  Isaac’s jaw dropped, he drew his red bandanna handkerchief and mopped his brow.  A hum of excitement ran over the court room, and an officer cried:  “Silence!”  Isaac continued to mop his brow and fumble at his handkerchief while he gazed at the lawyer in a helpless stupor.  “Answer my question, sir!” the towering figure thundered into his face.  “I doan know what yer means, sah,” he faltered.  “Yes you do. There were nine other men with you. Who were they?”  “I dunno, sah!”  Larkin whispered excitedly to Steve, who shook his head and gazed at Isaac in amazement.  “Were they masked so that you couldn’t see their faces?”  Isaac looked appealingly to the judges and whimpered:  “I doan know what dey er talkin’ ‘bout, sah.”  “You must answer the questions,” said the Judge.  The lawyer glared at Isaac whose shifting eyes sought Larkin.  “Think it over a minute, Isaac,” the lawyer continued; “in the meantime examine that knife.”  He drew from its case a long, keen huntingknife, and handed it to the witness who was now trembling from head to foot.  “Did you ever see that knife before?”  Isaac hesitated and finally answered:  “Yassah, I sold it ter Mr. Ackerman.”  “Where did you get it?”  Larkin suddenly cleared his throat with a deep guttural sound like the growl of an infuriated animal.  The lawyer looked at him with annoyance and the officer again shouted:  “Silence!”  “I foun’ it, sah,” he answered evasively.  “Now, Isaac, you want to be very careful how you answer my next question.”  The lawyer took the knife from the Negro’s hand and felt of its point.  “You will notice that a tiny piece is broken off the tip of this blade. I hold in my hand the little bit of steel which exactly fits there. It was found embedded in a bone in Judge Butler’s body. This is the knife that struck the deathblow. Did you own that knife the night of the murder? Answer me!”  Isaac fumbled his handkerchief again and looked about the room helplessly.  Larkin rose carelessly and started from the court room. Ackerman, watching him keenly, sprang to his side.  “Don’t leave, Larkin, we want you as a witness in a moment,” he whispered.  “I’ll return immediately,” the Carpetbagger replied, increasing his haste.  “Wait!” Ackerman commanded.  Larkin quickened his pace and the detective seized his arm.  The Carpetbagger threw him off with sudden fury and plunged toward the door.  With the spring of a tiger, Ackerman leaped on him. A brief fierce fight, and he was dragged panting back before the astonished Court, while every man in the room sprang to his feet and pressed around the struggling men.  “What’s the meaning of this disorder?” thundered the presiding Judge.  “With apologies to the Court for the interruption I beg leave to present the murderer of Judge ButlerI ask a warrant for his arrest,” Ackerman demanded.  A wave of horror swept the crowd of Larkin’s friends.  “The man is a crazy liar, your Honours,” protested Larkin. “And he has proven himself a renegade and a scoundrel in this court room today. I protest against this outrage.”  “I’ll prove my charge to the Courtevery link in the chain of evidence is now complete,” was the cool answer.  With the court room in an uproar, Larkin was arrested and placed between Ackerman and a deputy, and the trial resumed.  A brief conference between the District Attorney and Isaac preceded the first question asked by John’s counsel after the disturbance.  “Now, Isaac,” the lawyer began suavely, “the District Attorney has just promised to spare your life on condition that you tell us the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truthlet’s have it.”  “Yassah,” the Apostle responded in humble accents. “Mr. Larkin, he tell me ter say what I did, sah.”  Larkin’s head dropped and his keen eyes furtively sought the door.  “Who gave you that knife?”  A moment of breathless suspense rippled the crowded court room and every head was bent forward.  “Mr. Larkin gimme de knife! We’se been powful good friends, sah. I show him de undergroun’ way fum de tomb inter de house. I’se de only black man dat know itmy daddy help dig ityassah. Mr. Larkin de fust man I ebber tell dat I know ’bout it. He say he want ter beat de Ku Kluxes. He say he make’em smoke dat night, an’ he git eight men an’ dress up jes lak ‘em, an’ I show him de way ter git in froo de panel in de hall. He fool me. I didn’t know he gwine ter kill de jedge, sah, er I wouldn’t er let ’em in, nosah. I doan’ believe in killin’ nobody. He tell me ter git outen de county an’ I stay till de soldiers come back. Yassah, an’ dat’s de whole troof!”  Ackerman motioned the sergeant, a pair of handcuffs clicked on Larkin’s wrists, and the great white head sank on his breast.  Stella gazed at his pathetic figure with a strange feeling of pity and wonder, while her hand sought John Graham’s and pressed it tenderly.  The count of murder was dropped, but the charge of conspiracy was pressed with merciless ferocity. A procession of hired liars ascended the witness stand and in rapid succession perjured themselves by swearing that they had recognised the prisoner on various raids made by the Klan in the county.  The jury was out fifteen minutes.  When they returned John Graham, in whose veins flowed the blood of a race of worldconquering men, entitled to a trial by a jury of his peers, rose with quiet dignity and heard the verdict of his condemnation fall from the thick protruding lips of a flatnosed Negro:  “We finds de prisoner guilty!”  “So say you all gentlemen?” asked the clerk.  And in response each black spindleshanked juror shambled to his feet and answered:  “Guilty!”  The last name called was the little white Scalawag’s, whose weak voice squeaked an echo:  “Guilty.”  The Judge imposed a fine of one thousand dollars and sentenced John Graham to five years imprisonment at hard labour in the United States penitentiary at Albany, New York.  A low moan from Stella, and her head sank in voiceless anguish.  To the brave and the proud there are visions darker than death.  John Graham saw this as he was led from the court room back to jailthe vision of the hideous leprous shame of a convict’s suit of stripes!     CHAPTER VIIITHE MINISTRY OF ANGELS  EVERY delicacy which love could devise and her money buy Stella lavished on John and his friends. Each day added to the list of men who returned to jail condemned to the infamy of a convict’s pen at Albany.  When the deepmuttered curses against Steve Hoyle for the betrayal of his men reached John’s ears, he sent through Stella his sternest orders and his tenderest entreaties to Dan Wiley to prevent violence. Dan had successfully eluded every effort to arrest him. John knew that he was hiding in the mountains with the men he had commanded armed to the teeth, and he lived in constant dread of the news of Steve’s assassination, even under the noses of the United States troops.  A single burst of sunlight came to brighten for Stella the gloom of the day before John’s departure for Albany. She succeeded in liberating “Jim,” the big brother of her little towheaded friend. Her interest in the boy had been noted, and she received the usual mysterious messagethat money placed at the right spot would prevent any witness from identifying Jim. She found the right spot promptly and paid the bribe of two hundred and fifty dollars without a question as to the ethics involved. Jim was discharged, and when he walked out a free man a little towheaded boy lay sobbing out his joy on her breast.  “I’m goin’ to work for you, if you’ll let me,” he cried through his tears.  “Why, I thought you said you couldn’t do anything that day we met?” she laughed.  “Oh, I’m awful smart,” he boasted“I can tote fresh water, carry all your notes to your sweetheartand I’m great diggin’ worms ter go fishin’I know right where to find ’em!”  She sent him away with a kiss and a promise to let him come and show her what he could do.  As she entered the jail with John’s dinner, the jailor, whose friendship she had won by the liberal use of money and skilful flattery, whispered to her:  “Come in here a minute, Miss, I want to show you something.”  She followed him into his room and started with horror at the sight of a dirty suit of convict’s stripes spread out on a chair.  Stella’s face blanched.  “They are for him?” she gasped.  “Yessum, an’ if ye’ll excuse me fer sayin’ it, I think it’s a d shame.”  “They have no right to put this outrage on him before his people,” she cried.  “No’m, they haint got no right, but they’re goin’ ter do it tomorrow mornin’ just the same. They’re goin’ ter take him all the way ter Albany in that suit.”  “Who’s doing this?” she asked with rising wrath.  “Steve Hoyle, m’am. He’s fixin’ to have a big gang er niggers and low white trash here in the mornin’ ter hoot and yell and make fun of him all the way to the train, an’ I thought I’d tell ye.”  “Thank you,” she answered warmly, her big brown eyes beginning to flash fire.  “Ye know ef I’d step out, that suit o’ clothes might be foun’ missin’. It ain’t mine. I’ll swear to that. I don’t know anybody that owns it, er wants it.”  “I understand. Wrap it up, please. I can’t touch it.”  Stella shuddered and watched the jailor with widestaring eyes as he picked up the suit, wrapped it in a piece of brown paper and laid it back on the chair.  “I got to gothere’s somebody knockin’ at the doorcourse, I won’t know what’s become er the d thing.”  He left her with a grin, and Stella seized the bundle, hurried home and burned it. On the way she stopped at a hardware store and made a mysterious purchase which she carefully concealed, and there was a dangerous light in her eyes as she placed this package beside the travelling dress which she had laid out to wear on the train with John.  The jailor passed Stella in the hall but looked the other way as he hurried forward with two soldiers who had called to see John Graham. They were dressed in the regulation blue suits of the army. The jailor, trusting implicitly their uniforms, allowed them to go up unaccompanied to John’s door.  So complete was the disguise that at first the condemned man gazed through the bars with indifference at his callers.  The taller of the two suddenly thrust his face close and whispered:  “God, man, don’t ye know me?”  John started.  “DanBillywhat does this mean!”  Dan put his finger on his lips.  “Everything’s all right. Billy’s been up in the mountains with me at my summer resort.”  “I wrote you, Billy, not to come!” John scowled.  “I’m not going to see this infamy puton you”  “It’s all fixed, Chief,” Dan broke in, drawing a new sledge hammer from his pocket, and slipping the handle from his sleeve.  With a loud cough to mask the sound he thrust the handle into its place.  “You’re both crazy!” John said with anger.  “It’s as easy as failin’ off a log,” Dan urged. “Billy’ll smash the lock, I’ll gag and tie the jailor. I’ve got the fastest horse in the county waitin’ fer ye at the corner. Git thirty minutes start, an’ there ain’t cavalry enough this side er hell to stop ye. When ye get ter my house, ye’ll be in God’s country. The boys are there waitin’ fer ye.”  Dan handed the hammer to Billy.  “Put that hammer down!” John commanded sternly.  “I won’tyou’ve got to go with us.”  “Do as I tell you, or I’ll call the jailor,” John said with a frown.  “For God’s sake, come with us!” Billy pleaded. “Steve Hoyle’s going to have a crowd of Negroes here to laugh and jeer at you tomorrow as you come out. I tell you I can’t stand it!”  John’s face suddenly paled.  “You can stand it if I can, Billy! Get out of this, both of you, before you’re arrestedquick now. I won’t have it. Come here, Dan!”  John called to the mountaineer who had turned away.  “Give me your hand.”  Dan thrust his hand through the bars and John grasped it.  “Are you a friend of mine?”  “Ain’t I a showin’ ye.”  “Take Billy home and take care of him until I returnwill you do it?”  “Yesbut I don’t like this givin’ up a fight when I’ve won it.”  “And one thing more, Dan, old boy, before I let your hand go, you’ve got to promise me not to kill Steve Hoyle.”  “Who said I was goin’ to do it?”  “I say it.”  “He ain’t fit ter live.”  “Yes, but somehow God lets a lot of such trash cumber the earth. We’d better not try any more interference with his plans.”  Dan hesitated, struggling with deep passion, drew a handkerchief and blew his nose.  “Ye’re putty hard on me, Chief, I was goin’ ter call by Steve’s house and finish both jobs today, but orders is orders. I’ll take ’em from you. I won’t take ’em from nobody else. Goodbye, take care er yourself.”  Billy pressed his brother’s hand, silently turned and left with Dan.  When the last echo of their steps had died away  John Graham stared through the iron bars for half an hour and saw only the vision of a mob of yelling, laughing Negroes and behind them the fat, white cowardly face of Steve Hoyle.  He sank to the chair with a groan:  “O God, if it be possible let this cup pass from me!”     CHAPTER IXTHE DAY OF ATONEMENT  WHEN Steve Hoyle discovered next morning that the suit of stripes which he had secured at enormous expense in bribery and hush money had been lost he was furious. The jailor laughed at his idle threats and cursed him roundly when accused of making way with the suit.  Steve left in a rage to drum up a larger crowd to hoot and yell at the man he hated.  Stella pressed her way through the throng of Negroes into the jail, carrying an enormous bouquet of roses in one hand and in the other a basket of delicate flowers threaded into long beautiful garlands.  John determined to save her from the scene of his humiliation.  “You must not go through the streets with me to the train, my dear,” he said tenderly. “Go down in a carriage and join me at the station.”  “I will if they let you ride with me,” she firmly answered.  “Impossible. They’ve given special orders that I shall walk.”  “Then I’ll walk with you,” she said with a smile.  John’s face clouded with pain.  “Please, dearest, for my sake?”  “It’s for your sake I’m going with you.”  “They may say something to hurt you,” he pleaded.  “I don’t think they will,” she said as the fire suddenly flashed from her brown eyes.  “But they will, my love, they will. It’s hard enough for me. They mustn’t hurt youI can hear them out there nowthat black mobwaiting to hoot and yellplease, don’t go with me!”  Stella left his cell door, stepped to the window and looked out. Steve Hoyle was passing along the lines of Negroes ranged on either side of the walk, instructing them what to say. He had massed around the door a mob of two hundred to follow his lead the moment John appeared.  “Watch me,” he said, “and I’ll give you the signal. I want you to let him have it square in the face when I raise my hand. I’ll stand on the doorstep. I want a laugh first from five hundred black throatson oldfashioned nigger laugh, long, deep and loud! It’ll be a funny sight, I promise you that.”  “We watch ye,” answered a big buck Negro with a grin.  Stella heard the click of the lock of John’s cell with a start and turned to find the deputy marshal standing with a pair of handcuffs.  “We are ready,” he said.  John stepped into the corridor, and extended his hands. The deputy snapped the steel on his wrists, and Stella drew the garlands of flowers from the basket.  “You don’t mind the flowersdo you officer? I’m going with you.”  “Certainly not, m’am,” he replied.  John saw that protest was useless, but he gazed at the garlands with amazement.  “What on earth are you going to do, my dear?”  “Just a little trick of love,” was the laughing answer.  She wound the flowers around each handcuff, placed in John’s hand the enormous bouquet of roses, and not a trace of steel could be seen.  “You can carry them for me,” she said, hurrying on before him.  Stella passed suddenly through the jail door to the little brick landing of the steps on which Steve Hoyle stood to give his signal.  Steve started in surprise at her appearance, stammered and flushed, and a murmur of uncertainty ran through the crowd.  In a moment the traitor had recovered himself, and glancing at Stella with a sneer of triumph, he shouted to his henchmen:  “Say what you please, boysdon’t mind the ladies!”  Stella turned her eyes, gleaming with a deadly purpose, straight on Steve, and a revolver flashed from her hand into his face. He dodged, trembled, and crouched against the wall, while she sternly said:  “Now lift your hand or open your mouth, you contemptible sneak and coward!”  A cry of terror swept the dark crowd, and scores broke and fled.  As John appeared in the doorway, Stella turned to the Negroes and in ringing tones cried:  “I dare one of you black loafers to offer a single insult to the man whose love I hold dearer than my life. I’ll kill you as I would a dog.”  Revolver in hand, with stern set face and flaming eyes she opened the way through which John Graham passed in silence.  At the station a crowd of friends gathered and cheered his departure.  Old Nicaroshinski slipped a hundred dollars in his hand and whispered in broken voice:  “Don’tdon’t you vorry, me poy, ve’ll puild a monumendt to you in de public squvare yedt!”  Stella was allowed to sit by his side in the car, and as the train started John looked at her a moment through dimmed eyes, and slowly said: “The glory of this hour has more than paid for all the pain and all the shame a thousand lives could hold!”  And then in low soft accents broken with sobs she confessed to him the story of her love and at the end with trembling lips asked:  “But you can’t hate me for it now, can you, my darling?”  For an answer he bent and tenderly kissed her hand, while she felt rather than heard the low passionate words: “I love youI love youI love you!”     CHAPTER XUNDER BRIGHT SKIESAN EPILOGUE  TIME slowly healed the poisoned wounds left by the fierce struggles of Reconstruction. John Graham’s case was never decided by the Supreme Court of the United States. Before the day arrived for the test of its appeal to the great tribunal which is the last bulwark of American liberties, he was hastily pardoned, and every man with him who languished in prison pens for similar political offences. The little politicians who had forced through Congress the venomous Conspiracy Acts in violation of the Constitution of the Republic did not dare to allow the Supreme Court the opportunity to overwhelm them with infamy.  The years have brought magic changes to the people of Independence. The growing city has ploughed a new street through the old Graham house and a dozen beautiful homes stand on the site of its wide lawn.  Poetic justice demanded that Steve Hoyle should pay the penalty of his treachery. But Time plays many a joke on Justice. The Honourable Stephen Hoyle is now one of our fattest, most solemn and most dignified judges of the Federal Courts.  Ackerman’s long talks on imaginary cotton mills had one important result. They planted in John Graham’s imagination the seeds of fortune. On his return from prison he quit the practice of law and began the manufacture of cotton goods. To please his wife he bought Inwood, whose wide acres of forest extend to the river. Here the Graham Brothers’ mills are located.      ARTHUR WESTBROOK  COMPANY  CLEVELAND, OHIO, U. S. A.      Copyright, by Bainbridge Cayll      *CONTENTS.*    CHAPTER I.  A Criminal in Disguise    CHAPTER II.  The Den of Iniquity    CHAPTER III.  The Duchess of Wiltshire’s Diamonds    CHAPTER IV.  How Simon Carne Won the Derby    CHAPTER V.  A Service to the State    CHAPTER VI.  A Visit in the Night    CHAPTER VII.  The Man of Many Crimes    CHAPTER VIII.  An Imperial Finale      *A PRINCE OF SWINDLERS*     *CHAPTER I.*   *A CRIMINAL IN DISGUISE.*   After no small amount of deliberation, I have come to the conclusion that it is only fit and proper I should set myself right with the world in the matter of the now famous 18swindles. For, though I have never been openly accused of complicity in those miserable affairs, yet I cannot rid myself of the remembrance that it was I who introduced the man who perpetrated them to London society, and that in more than one instance I acted, innocently enough, Heaven knows, as his _Deus ex machinâ_, in bringing about the very results he was so anxious to achieve. I will first allude, in a few words, to the year in which the crimes took place, and then proceed to describe the events that led to my receiving the confession which has so strangely and unexpectedly come into my hands.  Whatever else may be said on the subject, one thing at least is certainit will be many years before London forgets that season of festivity. The joyous occasion which made half the sovereigns of Europe our guests for weeks on end, kept foreign princes among us until their faces became as familiar to us as those of our own aristocracy, rendered the houses in our fashionable quarters unobtainable for love or money, filled our hotels to repletion, and produced daily pageants the like of which few of us have ever seen or imagined, can hardly fail to go down to posterity as one of the most notable in English history. Small wonder, therefore, that the wealth, then located in our great metropolis, should have attracted swindlers from all parts of the globe.  That it should have fallen to the lot of one who has always prided himself on steering clear of undesirable acquaintances, to introduce to his friends one of the most notorious adventurers our capital has ever seen, seems like the irony of fate. Perhaps, however, if I begin by showing how cleverly our meeting was contrived, those who would otherwise feel inclined to censure me, will pause before passing judgment, and will ask themselves whether they would not have walked into the snare as unsuspectedly as I did.  It was during the last year of my term of office as Viceroy, and while I was paying a visit to the Governor of Bombay, that I decided upon making a tour of the Northern Provinces, beginning with Peshawur, and winding up with the Maharajah of MalarKadir. As the latter potentate is so well known, I need not describe him. His forcible personality, his enlightened rule, and the progress his state has made within the last ten years, are well known to every student of the history of our magnificent Indian Empire.  My stay with him was a pleasant finish to an otherwise monotonous business, for his hospitality has a worldwide reputation. When I arrived he placed his palace, his servants, and his stables at my disposal to use just as I pleased. My time was practically my own. I could be as solitary as a hermit if I so desired; on the other hand, I had but to give the order, and five hundred men would cater for my amusement. It seems therefore the more unfortunate that to this pleasant arrangement I should have to attribute the calamities which it is the purpose of this series of stories to narrate.  On the third morning of my stay I woke early. When I had examined my watch I discovered that it wanted an hour of daylight, and, not feeling inclined to go to sleep again, I wondered how I should employ my time until my servant should bring me my _chota hazri_, or early breakfast. On proceeding to my window I found a perfect morning, the stars still shining, though in the east they were paling before the approach of dawn. It was difficult to realize that in a few hours the earth which now looked so cool and wholesome would be lying, burnt up and quivering, beneath the blazing Indian sun.  I stood and watched the picture presented to me for some minutes, until an overwhelming desire came over me to order a horse and go for a long ride before the sun should make his appearance above the jungle trees. The temptation was more than I could resist, so I crossed the room and, opening the door, woke my servant, who was sleeping in the antechamber. Having bidden him find a groom and have a horse saddled for me, without rousing the household, I returned and commenced my toilet. Then, descending by a private staircase to the great courtyard, I mounted the animal I found awaiting me there, and set off.  Leaving the city behind me I made my way over the new bridge with which His Highness has spanned the river, and, crossing the plain, headed towards the jungle, that rises like a green wall upon the other side. My horse was a _waler_ of exceptional excellence, as every one who knows the Maharajah’s stable will readily understand, and I was just in the humor for a ride. But the coolness was not destined to last long, for by the time I had left the second village behind me, the stars had given place to the faint grey light of dawn. A soft, breeze stirred the palms and rustled the long grass, but its freshness was deceptive; the sun would be up almost before I could look round, and then nothing could save us from a scorching day.  After I had been riding for nearly an hour it struck me that, if I wished to be back in time for breakfast, I had better think of returning. At the time I was standing in the center of a small plain, surrounded by jungle. Behind me was the path I had followed to reach the place; in front, and to the right and left, others leading whither I could not tell. Having no desire to return by the road I had come, I touched up my horse and cantered off in an easterly direction, feeling certain that even if I had to make a divergence, I should reach the city without very much trouble.  By the time I had put three miles or so behind me the heat had become stifling, the path being completely shut in on either side by the densest jungle I have ever known. For all I could see to the contrary, I might have been a hundred miles from any habitation.  Imagine my astonishment, therefore, when, on turning a corner of the track, I suddenly left the jungle behind me, and found myself standing on the top of a stupendous cliff, looking down upon a lake of blue water. In the center of this lake was an island, and on the island a house. At the distance I was from it the latter appeared to be built of white marble, as indeed I afterward found to be the case. Anything, however, more lovely than the effect produced by the blue water, the white building, and the jungleclad hills upon the other side, can scarcely be imagined. I stood and gazed at it in delighted amazement. Of all the beautiful places I had hitherto seen in India this, I could honestly say, was entitled to rank first. But how it was to benefit me in my present situation I could not for the life of me understand.  Ten minutes later I had discovered a guide, and also a path down the cliff to the shore, where, I was assured, a boat and a man could be obtained to transport me to the palace. I therefore bade my informant precede me, and after some minutes’ anxious scrambling my horse and I reached the water’s edge.  Once there, the boatman was soon brought to light, and, when I had resigned my horse to the care of my guide, I was rowed across to the mysterious residence in question.  On reaching it we drew up at some steps leading to a broad stone esplanade, which, I could see, encircled the entire place. Out of a grove of trees rose the building itself, a confused jumble of Eastern architecture crowned with many towers. With the exception of the vegetation and the blue sky, everything was of a dazzling white, against which the dark green of palms contrasted with admirable effect.  Springing from the boat I made my way up the steps, imbued with much the same feeling of curiosity as the happy Prince, so familiar to us in our nursery days, must have experienced when he found the enchanted castle in the forest. As I reached the top, to my unqualified astonishment, an English manservant appeared through a gateway and bowed before me.  "Breakfast is served," he said, "and my master bids me say that he waits to receive your lordship."  Though I thought he must be making a mistake, I said nothing, but followed him along a terrace, through a magnificent gateway, on the top of which a peacock was preening himself in the sunlight, through court after court, all built of the same white marble, through a garden in which a fountain was playing to the rustling accompaniment of pipal and pomegranate leaves, to finally enter the veranda of the main building itself.  Drawing aside the curtain which covered the finelycarved doorway, the servant invited me to enter, and as I did so announced "His Excellency the Viceroy."  The change from the vivid whiteness of the marble outside to the cool semiEuropean room in which I now found myself was almost disconcerting in its abruptness. Indeed, I had scarcely time to recover my presence of mind before I became aware that my host was standing before me. Another surprise was in store for me. I had expected to find a native, instead of which he proved to be an Englishman.  "I am more indebted than I can say to your Excellency for the honor of this visit," he began, as he extended his hand. "I can only wish I were better prepared for it."  "You must not say that," I answered. "It is I who should apologize. I fear I am an intruder. But to tell you the truth I had lost my way, and it is only by chance that I am here at all. I was foolish to venture out without a guide, and have none to blame for what has occurred but myself."  "In this case I must thank the Fates for their kindness to me," returned my host. "But don’t let me keep you standing. You must be both tired and hungry after your long ride, and breakfast, as you see, is upon the table. Shall we show ourselves sufficiently blind to the conventionalities to sit down to it without further preliminaries?"  Upon my assenting he struck a small gong at his side, and servants, acting under the instructions of the white man who had conducted me to his master’s presence, instantly appeared in answer to it. We took our places at the table, and the meal immediately commenced.  While it was in progress I was permitted an excellent opportunity of studying my host, who sat opposite me, with such light as penetrated the _jhilmills_ falling directly upon his face. I doubt, however, vividly as my memory recalls the scene, whether I can give you an adequate description of the man who has since come to be a sort of nightmare to me.  In height he could not have been more than five feet two. His shoulders were broad, and would have been evidence of considerable strength but for one malformation, which completely spoilt his whole appearance. The poor fellow suffered from curvature of the spine of the worst sort, and the large hump between his shoulders produced a most extraordinary effect. But it is when I endeavor to describe his face that I find myself confronted with the most serious difficulty.  How to make you realize it I hardly know.  To begin with, I do not think I should be overstepping the mark were I to say that it was one of the most beautiful countenances I have ever seen in my fellowmen. Its contour was as perfect as that of the bust of the Greek god Hermes, to whom, all things considered, it is only fit and proper he should bear some resemblance. The forehead was broad, and surmounted with a wealth of dark hair, in color almost black. His eyes were large and dreamy, the brows almost pencilled in their delicacy; the nose, the most prominent feature of his face, reminded me more of that of the great Napoleon than any other I can recall.  His mouth was small but firm, his ears as tiny as those of an English beauty, and set in closer to his head than is usual with those organs. But it was his chin that fascinated me most. It was plainly that of a man accustomed to command; that of a man of iron will whom no amount of opposition would deter from his purpose. His hands were small and delicate, and his fingers taper, plainly those of the artist, either a painter or a musician. Altogether he presented a unique appearance, and one that once seen would not be easily forgotten.  During the meal I congratulated him upon the possession of such a beautiful residence, the like of which I had never seen before.  "Unfortunately," he answered, "the place does not belong to me, but is the property of our mutual host, the Maharajah. His Highness, knowing that I am a scholar and a recluse, is kind enough to permit me the use of this portion of the palace; and the value of such a privilege I must leave you to imagine."  "You are a student, then?" I said, as I began to understand matters a little more clearly.  "In a perfunctory sort of way," he replied. "That is to say, I have acquired sufficient knowledge to be aware of my own ignorance."  I ventured to inquire the subject in which he took most interest. It proved to be china and the native art of India, and on these two topics we conversed for upwards of halfanhour. It was evident that he was a consummate master of his subject. This I could the more readily understand when, our meal being finished, he led me into an adjoining room, in which stood the cabinets containing his treasures. Such a collection I had never seen before. Its size and completeness amazed me.  "But surely you have not brought all these specimens together yourself?" I asked in astonishment.  "With a few exceptions," he answered. "You see it has been the hobby of my life. And it is to the fact that I am now engaged upon a book upon the subject, which I hope to have published in England next year, that you may attribute my playing the hermit here."  "You intend, then, to visit England?"  "If my book is finished in time," he answered, "I shall be in London at the end of April or the commencement of May. Who would not wish to be in the chief city of Her Majesty’s dominions upon such a joyous and auspicious occasion?"  As he said this he took down a small vase from a shelf, and, as if to change the subject, described its history and its beauties to me. A stranger picture than he presented at that moment it would be difficult to imagine. His long fingers held his treasure as carefully as if it were an invaluable jewel, his eyes glistened with the fire of the true collector, who is born but never made, and when he came to that part of his narrative which described the long hunt for, and the eventual purchase of, the ornament in question, his voice fairly shook with excitement. I was more interested than at any other time I should have thought possible, and it was then that I committed the most foolish action of my life. Quite carried away by his charm I said:  "I hope when you _do_ come to London, you will permit me to be of any service I can to you."  "I thank you," he answered gravely, "our lordship is very kind, and if the occasion arises, as I hope it will, I shall most certainly avail myself of your offer."  "We shall be very pleased to see you," I replied; "and now, if you will not consider me inquisitive, may I ask if you live in this great place alone?"  "With the exception of my servants I have no companions."  "Really! You must surely find it very lonely?"  "I do, and it is that very solitude which endears it to me. When His Highness so kindly offered me the place for a residence, I inquired if I should have much company. He replied that I might remain here twenty years and never see a soul unless I chose to do so. On hearing that I accepted his offer with alacrity."  "Then you prefer the life of a hermit to mixing with your fellowmen?"  "I do. But next year I shall put off my monastic habits for a few months, and mix with my fellowmen, as you call them, in London."  "You will find hearty welcome, I am sure."  "It is very kind of you to say so; I hope I shall. But I am forgetting the rules of hospitality. You are a great smoker, I have heard. Let me offer you a cigar."  As he spoke he took a small silver whistle from his pocket, and blew a peculiar note upon it. A moment later the same English servant who had conducted me to his presence, entered, carrying a number of cigar boxes upon a tray. I chose one, and as I did so glanced at the man. In outward appearance he was exactly what a body servant should be, of medium height, scrupulously neat, clean shaven, and with a face as devoid of expression as a blank wall. When he had left the room again my host immediately turned to me.  "Now," he said, "as you have seen my collection, will you like to explore the palace?"  To this proposition I gladly assented, and we set off together. An hour later, satiated with the beauty of what I had seen, and feeling as if I had known the man beside me all my life, I bade him goodbye upon the steps and prepared to return to the spot where my horse was waiting for me.  "One of my servants will accompany you," he said, "and will conduct you to the city."  "I am greatly indebted to you," I answered. "Should I not see you before, I hope you will not forget your promise to call upon me either in Calcutta, before we leave, or in London next year." He smiled in a peculiar way.  "You must not think me so blind to my own interests as to forget your kind offer," he replied. "It is just possible, however, that I may be in Calcutta before you leave."  "I shall hope to see you then," I said, and having shaken him by the hand, stepped into the boat which was waiting to convey me across.  Within an hour I was back once more to the palace, much to the satisfaction of the Maharajah and my staff, to whom my absence had been the cause of considerable anxiety.  It was not until the evening that I found a convenient opportunity, and was able to question His Highness about his strange _protégé_. He quickly told me all there was to know about him. His name, it appeared, was Simon Carne. He was an Englishman and had been a great traveller. On a certain memorable occasion he had saved His Highness’ life at the risk of his own, and ever since that time a close intimacy had existed between them. For upwards of three years the man in question had occupied a wing of the island palace, going away for months at a time presumably in search of specimens for his collection, and returning when he became tired of the world. To the best of His Highness’ belief he was exceedingly wealthy, but on this subject little was known. Such was all I could learn about the mysterious individual I had met earlier in the day.  Much as I wanted to do so, I was unable to pay another visit to the palace on the lake. Owing to pressing business, I was compelled to return to Calcutta as quickly as possible. For this reason it was nearly eight months before I saw or heard anything of Simon Carne again. When I _did_ meet him we were in the midst of our preparations for returning to England. I had been for a ride, I remember, and was in the act of dismounting from my horse, when an individual came down the steps and strolled towards me. I recognized him instantly as the man in whom I had been so much interested in MalarKadir. He was now dressed in fashionable European attire, but there was no mistaking his face. I held out my hand.  "How do you do, Mr. Carne?" I cried. "This is an unexpected pleasure. Pray how long have you been in Calcutta?"  "I arrived last night," he answered, "and leave tomorrow morning for Burma. You see, I have taken your Excellency at your word."  "I am very pleased to see you," I replied. "I have the liveliest recollection of your kindness to me the day that I lost my way in the jungle. As you are leaving so soon, I fear we shall not have the pleasure of seeing much of you, but possibly you can dine with us this evening?"  "I shall be very glad to do so," he answered simply, watching me with his wonderful eyes, which somehow always reminded me of those of a collie.  "Her ladyship is devoted to Indian pottery and brass work," I said, "and she would never forgive me if I did not give her an opportunity of consulting you upon her collection."  "I shall be very proud to assist in any way I can," he answered.  "Very well, then, we shall meet at eight. Goodbye."  That evening we had the pleasure of his society at dinner, and I am prepared to state that a more interesting guest has never sat at a viceregal table. My wife and daughters fell under his spell as quickly as I had done. Indeed, the former told me afterwards that she considered him the most uncommon man she had met during her residence in the East, an admission scarcely complimentary to the numerous important members of my council who all prided themselves upon their originality. When he said goodbye we had extorted his promise to call upon us in London, and I gathered later that my wife was prepared to make a lion of him when he should put in an appearance.  How he _did_ arrive in London during the first week of the following May; how it became known that he had taken Porchester House, which, as every one knows, stands at the corner of Belverton Street and Park Lane, for the season, at an enormous rental; how he furnished it superbly, brought an army of Indian servants to wait upon him, and was prepared to astonish the town with his entertainments, are matters of history. I welcomed him to England, and he dined with us on the night following his arrival, and thus it was that we became, in a manner of speaking, his sponsors in Society. When one looks back on that time, and remembers how vigorously, even in the midst of all that season’s gaiety, our social world took him up, the fuss that was made of him, the manner in which his doings were chronicled by the Press, it is indeed hard to realize how egregiously we were all being deceived.  During the months of June and July he was to be met at every house of distinction. Even royalty permitted itself to become on friendly terms with him, while it was rumored that no fewer than three of the proudest beauties in England were prepared at any moment to accept his offer of marriage. To have been a social lion during such a brilliant season, to have been able to afford one of the most perfect residences in our great city, and to have written a book which the foremost authorities upon the subject declare a masterpiece, are things of which any man might be proud. And yet this was exactly what Simon Carne was and did.  And now, having described his advent among us, I must refer to the greatest excitement of all that year. Unique as was the occasion which prompted the gaiety of London, constant as were the arrivals and departures of illustrious folk, marvelous as were the social functions, and enormous the amount of money expended, it is strange that the things which attracted the most attention should be neither royal, social, nor political.  As may be imagined, I am referring to the enormous robberies and swindles which will forever be associated with that memorable year. Day after day, for weeks at a time, the Press chronicled a series of crimes, the like of which the oldest Englishman could not remember. It soon became evident that they were the work of one person, and that that person was a master hand was as certain as his success.  At first the police were positive that the depredations were conducted by a foreign gang, located somewhere in North London, and that they would soon be able to put their fingers on the culprits. But they were speedily undeceived. In spite of their efforts the burglaries continued with painful regularity. Hardly a prominent person escaped. My friend Lord Orpington was despoiled of his priceless gold and silver plate; my cousin, the Duchess of Wiltshire, lost her worldfamous diamonds; the Earl of Calingforth his racehorse "Vulcanite;" and others of my friends were despoiled of their choicest possessions. How it was that I escaped I can understand now, but I must confess that it passed my comprehension at the time.  Throughout the season Simon Carne and I scarcely spent a day apart. His society was like chloral; the more I took of it the more I wanted. And I am now told that others were affected in the same way. I used to flatter myself that it was to my endeavors he owed his social success, and I can only, in justice, say that he tried to prove himself grateful. I have his portrait hanging in my library now, painted by a famous Academician, with this inscription upon the lozenge at the base of the frame:  "_To my kind friend, the Earl of Amberley, in remembrance of a happy and prosperous visit to London, from Simon Carne._"  The portrait represents him standing before a bookcase in a halfdark room. His extraordinary face, with its dark penetrating eyes, is instinct with life, while his lips seem as if opening to speak. To my thinking it would have been a better picture had he not been standing in such a way that the light accentuated his deformity; but it appears that this was the sitter’s own desire, thus confirming what, on many occasions, I had felt compelled to believe, namely, that he was, for some peculiar reason, proud of his misfortune.  It was at the end of the Cowes week that we parted company. He had been racing his yacht the _Unknown Quantity_, and, as if not satisfied with having won the Derby, must needs appropriate the Queen’s Cup. It was on the day following that now famous race that half the leaders of London Society bade him farewell on the deck of the steam yacht that was to carry him back to India.  A month later, and quite by chance, the dreadful truth came out. Then it was discovered that the man of whom we had all been making so much fuss, the man whom royalty had condescended to treat almost as a friend, was neither more nor less than a Prince of Swindlers, who had been utilizing his splendid opportunities to the very best advantage.  Every one will remember the excitement which followed the first disclosure of this dreadful secret and the others which followed it. As fresh discoveries came to light, the popular interest became more and more intense, while the public’s wonderment at the man’s almost superhuman cleverness waxed every day greater than before. My position, as you may suppose was not an enviable one. I saw how cleverly I had been duped, and when my friends, who had most of them, suffered from his talents, congratulated me on my immunity, I could only console myself with the reflection that I was responsible for more than half the acquaintances the wretch had made. But, deeply as I was drinking of the cup of sorrow, I had not come to the bottom of it yet.  One Saturday eveningthe 7th of November, if I recollect arightI was sitting in my library, writing letters after dinner, when I heard the postman come round the square and finally ascend the steps of my house. A few moments later a footman entered bearing some letters, and a large packet, upon a salver. Having read the former, I cut the string which bound the parcel, and opened it.  To my surprise, it contained a bundle of manuscript and a letter. The former I put aside, while I broke open the envelope and extracted its contents. To my horror, it was from Simon Carne, and ran as follows:   "_On the High Seas._  MY DEAR LORD AMBERLEY,  "It is only reasonable to suppose that by this time you have become acquainted with the nature of the peculiar services you have rendered me. I am your debtor for as pleasant, and, at the same time, as profitable a visit to London as any man could desire. In order that you may not think me ungrateful, I will ask you to accept the accompanying narrative of my adventures in your great metropolis. Since I have placed myself beyond the reach of capture, I will permit you to make any use of it you please. Doubtless you will blame me, but you must at least do me the justice to remember that, in spite of the splendid opportunities you permitted me, I invariably spared yourself and family. You will think me mad thus to betray myself, but, believe me, I have taken the greatest precautions against discovery, and as I am proud of my London exploits, I have not the least desire to hide my light beneath a bushel.  "With kind regards to Lady Amberley and yourself,  "I am, yours very sincerely,  "SIMON CARNE."   Needless to say I did not retire to rest before I had read the manuscript through from beginning to end, with the result that the morning following I communicated with the police. They were hopeful that they might be able to discover the place where the packet had been posted, but after considerable search it was found that it had been handed by a captain of a yacht, name unknown, to the commander of a homeward bound brig, off Finisterre, for postage in Plymouth. The narrative, as you will observe, is written in the third person, and, as far as I can gather, the handwriting is not that of Simon Carne. As, however, the details of each individual swindle coincide exactly with the facts as ascertained by the police, there can be no doubt of their authenticity.  A year has now elapsed since my receipt of the packet. During that time the police of almost every civilized country have been on the alert to effect the capture of my whilom friend, but without success. Whether his yacht sank and conveyed him to the bottom of the ocean, or whether, as I suspect, she only carried him to a certain part of the seas where he changed into another vessel and so eluded justice, I cannot say. Even the Maharajah of MalarKadir has heard nothing of him since. The fact, however, remains, I have, innocently enough, compounded a series of felonies, and, as I said at the commencement of this preface, the publication of the narrative I have so strangely received is intended to be, as far as possible, my excuse.      *CHAPTER II.*   *THE DEN OF INIQUITY.*   The night was close and muggy, such a night, indeed, as only Calcutta, of all the great cities of the East, can produce. The reek of the native quarter, that sickly, penetrating odor which once smelt, is never forgotten, filled the streets and even invaded the sacred precincts of Government House, where a man of gentlemanly appearance, but sadly deformed, was engaged in bidding Her Majesty the Queen of England’s representative in India an almost affectionate farewell.  "You will not forget your promise to acquaint us with your arrival in London," said His Excellency as he shook his guest by the hand. "We shall be delighted to see you, and if we can make your stay pleasurable as well as profitable to you, you may be sure we shall endeavor to do so."  "Your lordship is most hospitable, and I think I may safely promise that I will avail myself of your kindness," replied the other. "In the meantime ’goodbye,’ and a pleasant voyage to you."  A few minutes later he had passed the sentry, and was making his way along the Maidan to the point where the Chitpore Road crosses it. Here he stopped and appeared to deliberate. He smiled a little sardonically as the recollection of the evening’s entertainment crossed his mind, and, as if he feared he might forget something connected with it, when he reached a lamppost, took a notebook from his pocket and made an entry in it.  "Providence has really been most kind," he said as he shut the book with a snap, and returned it to his pocket. "And what is more, I am prepared to be properly grateful. It was a good morning’s work for me when His Excellency decided to take a ride through the Maharajah’s suburbs. Now I have only to play my cards carefully and success should be assured."  He took a cigar from his pocket, nipped off the end, and then lit it. He was still smiling when the smoke had cleared away.  "It is fortunate that Her Excellency is, like myself, an enthusiastic admirer of Indian art," he said. "It is a trump card, and I shall play it for all it’s worth when I get to the other side. But tonight I have something of more importance to consider. I have to find the sinews of war. Let us hope that the luck which has followed me hitherto will still hold good, and that Liz will prove as tractable as usual."  Almost as he concluded his soliloquy a _ticcagharri_ made its appearance, and, without being hailed, pulled up beside him. It was evident that their meeting was intentional, for the driver asked no question of his fare, who simply took his seat, laid himself back upon the cushions, and smoked his cigar with the air of a man playing a part in some performance that had been long arranged.  Ten minutes later the coachman had turned out of the Chitpore Road into a narrow bystreet. From this he broke off into another, and at the end of a few minutes into still another. These offshoots of the main thoroughfare were wrapped in inky darkness, and, in order that there should be as much danger as possible, they were crowded to excess. To those who know Calcutta this information will be significant.  There are slums in all the great cities of the world, and every one boasts its own peculiar characteristics. The Ratcliffe Highway in London, and the streets that lead off it, can show a fair assortment of vice; the Chinese quarters of New York, Chicago, and San Francisco can more than equal them; Little Bourke Street, Melbourne, a portion of Singapore, and the shipping quarter of Bombay, have their own individual qualities, but surely for the lowest of all the world’s low places one must go to Calcutta, the capital of our great Indian Empire.  Surrounding the Lai, Machua, Burra, and Joira Bazaars are to be found the most infamous dens that mind of man can conceive. But that is not all. If an exhibition of scented, hightoned, goldlacquered vice is required, one has only to make one’s way into the streets that lie within a stone’s throw of the Chitpore Road to be accommodated.  Reaching a certain corner, the _gharri_ came to a standstill and the fare alighted. He said something in an undertone to the driver as he paid him, and then stood upon the footway placidly smoking until the vehicle had disappeared from view. When it was no longer in sight he looked up at the houses towering above his head; in one a marriage feast was being celebrated; across the way the sound of a woman’s voice in angry expostulation could be heard. The passersby, all of whom were natives, scanned him curiously, but made no remark. Englishmen, it is true, were _sometimes_ seen in that quarter and at that hour, but this one seemed of a different class, and it is possible that nine out of every ten took him for the most detested of all Englishmen, a police officer.  For upwards of ten minutes he waited, but after that he seemed to become impatient. The person he had expected to find at the rendezvous had, so far, failed to put in an appearance, and he was beginning to wonder what he had better do in the event of his not coming.  But, badly as he had started, he was not destined to fail in his enterprise; for, just as his patience was exhausted, he saw, hastening towards him, a man whom he recognized as the person for whom he waited.  "You are late," he said in English, which he was aware the other spoke fluently, though he was averse to owning it. "I have been here more than a quarter of an hour."  "It was impossible that I could get away before," the other answered cringingly; "but if your Excellency will be pleased to follow me now, I will conduct you to the person you seek, without further delay."  "Lead on," said the Englishman; "we have wasted enough time already."  Without more ado the Babu turned himself about and proceeded in the direction he had come, never pausing save to glance over his shoulder to make sure that his companion was following. Seemingly countless were the lanes, streets, and alleys through which they passed. The place was nothing more nor less than a rabbit warren of small passages, and so dark that, at times, it was as much as the Englishman could do to see his guide ahead of him. Well acquainted as he was with the quarter, he had never been able to make himself master of all its intricacies, and as the person whom he was going to meet was compelled to change her residence at frequent intervals, he had long given up the idea of endeavoring to find her himself.  Turning out of a narrow lane, which differed from its fellows only in the fact that it contained more dirt and a greater number of unsavory odors, they found themselves at the top of a short flights of steps, which in their turn conducted them to a small square, round which rose houses taller than any they had yet discovered. Every window contained a balcony, some larger than others, but all in the last stage of decay. The effect was peculiar, but not so strange as the quiet of the place; indeed, the wind and the faroff hum of the city were the only sounds to be heard.  Now and again figures issued from the different doorways, stood for a moment looking anxiously about them, and then disappeared as silently as they had come. All the time not a light was to be seen, nor the sound of a human voice. It was a strange place for a white man to be in, and so Simon Carne evidently thought as he obeyed his guide’s invitation and entered the last house on the righthand side.  Whether the buildings had been originally intended for residences or for offices it would be difficult to say. They were almost as old as John Company himself, and would not appear to have been cleaned or repaired since they had been first inhabited.  From the center of the hall, in which he found himself, a massive staircase led to the other floors, and up this Carne marched behind his conductor. On gaining the first landing he paused while the Babu went forward and knocked at the door. A moment later the shutter of a small _grille_ was pulled back, and the face of a native woman looked out. A muttered conversation ensued, and after it was finished the door was opened and Carne was invited to enter. This summons he obeyed with alacrity, only to find that once he was inside, the door was immediately shut and barred behind him.  After the darkness of the street and the semiobscurity of the stairs, the dazzling light of the apartment in which he now stood was almost too much for his eyes. It was not long, however, before he had recovered sufficiently to look about him. The room was a fine one, in shape almost square, with a large window at the further end covered with a thick curtain of native cloth. It was furnished with considerable taste, in a mixture of styles, half European and half native. A large lamp of worked brass, burning some sweetsmelling oil, was suspended from the ceiling. A quantity of tapestry, much of it extremely rare, covered the walls, relieved here and there with some superb specimens of native weapons; comfortable divans were scattered about, as if inviting repose, and as if further to carry out this idea, beside one of the lounges, a silvermounted marghyle was placed, its tube curled up beside it in a fashion somewhat suggestive of a snake.  But, luxurious as it all was, it was evidently not quite what Carne had expected to find, and the change seemed to mystify as much as it surprised him. Just as he was coming to a decision however, his ear caught the sound of chinking bracelets, and next moment the curtain which covered a doorway in the left wall was drawn aside by a hand glistening with rings and as tiny as that of a little child. A second later Trincomalee Liz entered the room.  Standing in the doorway, the heavily embroidered curtain falling in thick folds behind her and forming a most effective background, she made a picture such as few men could look upon without a thrill of admiration. At that time she, the famous Trincomalee Liz, whose doings had made her notorious from the Saghalian coast to the shores of the Persian Gulf, was at the prime of her life and beautya beauty such as no man who has ever seen it will ever forget.  It was a notorious fact that those tiny hands had ruined more men than any other halfdozen pairs in the whole of India, or the East for that matter. Not much was known of her history, but what had come to light was certainly interesting. As far as could be ascertained she was born in Tonquin; her father, it had been said, was a handsome but disreputable Frenchman, who had called himself a count, and over his absinthe was wont to talk of his possessions in Normandy; her mother hailed from Northern India, and she herself was lovelier than the pale hibiscus blossom. To tell in what manner Liz and Carne had become acquainted would be too long a story to be included here. But that there was some bond between the pair is a fact that may be stated without fear of contradiction.  On seeing her, the visitor rose from his seat and went to meet her.  "So you have come at last," she said, holding out both hands to him. "I have been expecting you these three weeks past. Remember, you told me you were coming."  "I was prevented," said Carne. "And the business upon which I desired to see you was not fully matured."  "So there is business then?" she answered with a pretty petulance. "I thought as much. I might know by this time that you do not come to see me for anything else. But there, do not let us talk in this fashion when I have not had you with me for nearly a year. Tell me of yourself, and what you have been doing since last we met."  As she spoke she was occupied preparing a _huqa_ for him. When it was ready she fitted a tiny amber mouthpiece to the tube, and presented it to him with a compliment as delicate as her own roseleaf hands. Then, seating herself on a pile of cushions beside him, she bade him proceed with his narrative.  "And now," she said, when he had finished, "what is this business that brings you to me?"  A few moments elapsed before he began his explanation, and during that time he studied her face closely.  "I have a scheme in my head," he said, laying the _huqa_ stick carefully upon the floor, "that, properly carried out, should make us both rich beyond telling, but to carry it out properly I must have your cooperation."  She laughed softly, and nodded her head.  "You mean that you want money," she answered. "Ah, Simon, you always want money."  "I _do_ want money," he replied without hesitation. "I want it badly. Listen to what I have to say, and then tell me if you can give it to me. You know what year this is in England?"  She nodded her head. There were few things with which she had not some sort of acquaintance.  "It will be a time of great rejoicing," he continued. "Half the princes of the earth will be assembled in London. There will be wealth untold there, to be had for the mere gathering in; and who is so well able to gather it as I? I tell you, Liz, I have made up my mind to make the journey and try my luck, and, if you will help me with the money, you shall have it back with such jewels, for interest, as no woman ever wore yet. To begin with, there is the Duchess of Wiltshire’s necklace. Ah, your eyes light up; you have heard of it?"  "I have," she answered, her voice trembling with excitement. "Who has not?"  "It is the finest thing of its kind in Europe, if not in the world," he went on slowly, as if to allow time for his words to sink in. "It consists of three hundred stones, and is worth, apart from its historic value, at least fifty thousand pounds."  He saw her hands tighten on the cushions upon which she sat.  "Fifty thousand pounds! That is five lacs of rupees?"  "Exactly! Five lacs of rupees, a king’s ransom," he answered. "But that is not all. There will be twice as much to be had for the taking when once I get there. Find me the money I want, and those stones shall be your property."  "How much _do_ you want?"  "The value of the necklace," he answered. "Fifty thousand pounds."  "It is a large sum," she said, "and it will be difficult to find."  He smiled, as if her words were a joke and should be treated as such.  "The interest will be good," he answered.  "But are you certain of obtaining it?" she asked.  "Have I ever failed yet?" he replied.  "You have done wonderful things, certainly. But this time you are attempting so much."  "The greater the glory!" he answered. "I have prepared my plans, and I shall not fail. This is going to be the greatest undertaking of my life. If it comes off successfully, I shall retire upon my laurels. Come, for the sake ofwell, you know for the sake of whatwill you let me have the money? It is not the first time you have done it, and on each occasion you have not only been repaid, but well rewarded into the bargain."  "When do you want it?"  "By midday tomorrow. It must be paid in to my account at the bank before twelve o’clock. You will have no difficulty in obtaining it I know. Your respectable merchant friends will do it for you if you but hold up your little finger. If they don’t feel inclined, then put on the screw and make them."  She laughed as he paid this tribute to her power. A moment later, however, she was all gravity.  "And the security?"  He leant towards her and whispered in her ear.  "It is well," she replied. "The money shall be found for you tomorrow. Now tell me your plans; I must know all that you intend doing."  "In the first place," he answered, drawing a little closer to her, and speaking in a lower voice, so that no eavesdropper should hear, "I shall take with me Abdul Khan, Ram Gafur, Jowur Singh and Nur Ali, with others of less note as servants. I shall engage the best house in London, and under the wing of our gracious Viceroy, who has promised me the light of his countenance, will work my way into the highest society. That done, I shall commence operations. No one shall ever suspect!"  "And when it is finished, and you have accomplished your desires, how will you escape?"  "That I have not yet arranged. But of this you may be sure, I shall run no risks."  "And afterwards?"  He leant a little towards her again, and patted her affectionately upon the hand.  "Then we shall see what we shall see," he said, "I don’t think you will find me ungrateful."  She shook her pretty head.  "It is good talk," she cried, "but it means nothing. You always say the same. How am I to know that you will not learn to love one of the white memsahibs when you are so much among them?"  "Because there is but one Trincomalee Liz," he answered; "and for that reason you need have no fear."  Her face expressed the doubt with which she received this assertion. As she had said, it was not the first time she had been cajoled into advancing him large sums with the same assurance. He knew this, and, lest she should alter her mind, prepared to change the subject.  "Besides the others, I must take Hiram Singh and Wajib Baksh. They are in Calcutta, I am told, and I must communicate with them before noon tomorrow. They are the most expert craftsmen in India, and I shall have need of them."  "I will have them found, and word shall be sent to you."  "Could I not meet them here?"  "Nay, it is impossible. I shall not be here myself. I leave for Madras within six hours."  "Is there, then, trouble toward?"  She smiled, and spread her hands apart with a gesture that said: "Who knows?"  He did not question her further, but after a little conversation on the subject of the money, rose to bid her farewell.  "I do not like this idea," she said, standing before him and looking him in the face. "It is too dangerous. Why should you run such risk? Let us go to Burma. You shall be my vizier."  "I would wish for nothing better," he said, "were it not that I am resolved to go to England. My mind is set upon it and when I have done, London shall have something to talk about for years to come."  "If you are determined, I will say no more," she answered; "but when it is over, and you are free, we will talk again."  "You will not forget about the money?" he asked anxiously.  She stamped her foot.  "Money, money, money," she cried. "It is always the money of which you think. But you shall have it, never fear. And now when shall I see you again?"  "In six months’ time at a place of which I will tell you beforehand."  "It is a long time to wait."  "There is a necklace worth five lacs to pay you for the waiting."  "Then I will be patient. Goodbye."  "Goodbye, little friend," he said. And then, as if he thought he had not said enough, he added: "Think sometimes of Simon Carne."  She promised, with many pretty speeches, to do so, after which he left the room and went downstairs. As he reached the bottom step he heard a cough in the dark above him and looked up. He could just distinguish Liz leaning over the rail. Then something dropped and rattled upon the wooden steps behind him. He picked it up to find that it was an antique ring set with rubies.  "Wear it that it may bring thee luck," she cried, and then disappeared again.  He put the present on his finger and went out into the dark square.  "The money is found," he said, as he looked up at the starlit heavens. "Hiram Singh and Wajib Baksh are to be discovered before noon tomorrow. His Excellency the Viceroy and his amiable lady have promised to stand sponsors for me in London society. If with these advantages I don’t succeed, well, all I can say is, I don’t deserve to. Now where is my Babuji?"  Almost at the same instant a figure appeared from the shadow of the building and approached him.  "If the Sahib will permit me, I will guide him by a short road to his hotel."  "Lead on then. I am tired, and it is time I was in bed." Then to himself he added: "I must sleep tonight, for tomorrow there are great things toward."      *CHAPTER III.*   *THE DUCHESS OF WILTSHIRE’S DIAMONDS.*   To the reflective mind the rapidity with which the inhabitants of the world’s greatest city seize upon a new name or idea, and familiarize themselves with it, can scarcely prove otherwise than astonishing. As an illustration of my meaning let me take the case of Klimothe now famous private detective, who has won for himself the right to be considered as great as Lecocq, or even the late lamented Sherlock Holmes.  Up to a certain morning London had never even heard his name, nor had it the remotest notion as to who or what he might be. It was as sublimely ignorant and careless on the subject as the inhabitants of Kamtchatka or Peru. Within twentyfour hours, however, the whole aspect of the case was changed. The man, woman, or child who had not seen his posters, or heard his name, was counted an ignoramus unworthy of intercourse with human beings.  Princes became familiar with it as their trains bore them to Windsor to luncheon with the Queen; the nobility noticed and commented upon it as they drove about the town; merchants, and business men generally, read it as they made they ways by omnibus or underground, to their various shops and countinghouses; street boys called each other by it as a nickname; music hall artists introduced it into their patter, while it was even rumored that the Stock Exchange itself has paused in the full flood tide of business to manufacture a riddle on the subject.  That Klimo made his profession pay him well was certain, first from the fact that his advertisements must have cost a good round sum, and, second, because he had taken a mansion in Belverton Street, Park Lane, next door to Porchester House, where to the dismay of that aristocratic neighborhood, he advertised that he was prepared to receive and be consulted by his clients. The invitation was responded to with alacrity, and from that day forward, between the hours of twelve and two, the pavement upon the north side of the street was lined with carriages, every one containing some person desirous of testing the great man’s skill.  I must here explain that I have narrated all this in order to show the state of affairs existing in Belverton Street and Park Lane when Simon Carne arrived, or was supposed to arrive in England. If my memory serves me correctly, it was on Wednesday, the 3rd of May, that the Earl of Amberley drove to Victoria to meet and welcome the man whose acquaintance he had made in India under such peculiar circumstances, and under the spell of whose fascination he and his family had fallen so completely.  Reaching the station, his lordship descended from his carriage, and made his way to the platform set apart for the reception of the Continental express. He walked with a jaunty air, and seemed to be on the best of terms with himself and the world in general. How little he suspected the existence of the noose into which he was so innocently running his head!  As if out of compliment to his arrival, the train put in an appearance within a few moments of his reaching the platform. He immediately placed himself in such a position that he could make sure of seeing the man he wanted, and waited patiently until he should come in sight. Carne, however, was not among the first batch; indeed, the majority of passengers had passed before his lordship caught sight of him.  One thing was very certain, however great the crush might have been, it would have been difficult to mistake Carne’s figure. The man’s infirmity and the peculiar beauty of his face rendered him easily recognizable. Possibly, after his long sojourn in India, he found the morning cold, for he wore a long fur coat, the collar of which he had turned up around his ears, thus making a fitting frame for his delicate face. On seeing Lord Amberley he hastened forward to greet him.  "This is most kind and friendly of you," he said, as he shook the other by the hand. "A fine day and Lord Amberley to meet me. One could scarcely imagine a better welcome."  As he spoke, one of his Indian servants approached and salaamed before him. He gave him an order, and received an answer in Hindustani, whereupon he turned again to Lord Amberley.  "You may imagine how anxious I am to see my new dwelling," he said. "My servant tells me that my carriage is here, so may I hope that you will drive back with me and see for yourself how I am likely to be lodged?"  "I shall be delighted," said Lord Amberley, who was longing for an opportunity, and they accordingly went out into the station yard together to discover a brougham, drawn by two magnificent horses, and with Nur Ali, in all the glory of white raiment and crested turban, on the box, waiting to receive them. His lordship dismissed his victoria, and when Jowur Singh had taken his place beside his fellowservant upon the box, the carriage rolled out of the station yard in the direction of Hyde Park.  "I trust her ladyship is quite well," said Simon Carne politely, as they turned into Gloucester Place.  "Excellently well, thank you," replied his lordship. "She bade me welcome you to England in her name as well as my own, and I was to say that she is looking forward to seeing you."  "She is most kind, and I shall do myself the honor of calling upon her as soon as circumstances will permit," answered Carne. "I beg you will convey my best thanks to her for her thought of me."  While these polite speeches were passing between them they were rapidly approaching a large billboard, on which was displayed a poster getting forth the name of the now famous detective, Klimo.  Simon Carne, leaning forward, studied it, and when they had passed, turned to his friend again.  "At Victoria and on all the bill boards we met I see an enormous placard, bearing the word ’Klimo.’ Pray, what does it mean?"  His lordship laughed.  "You are asking a question which, a month ago, was on the lips of nine out of every ten Londoners. It is only within the last fortnight that we have learned who and what ’Klimo’ is."  "And pray what is he?"  "Well, the explanation is very simple. He is neither more nor less than a remarkably astute private detective, who has succeeded in attracting notice in such a way that half London has been induced to patronize him. I have had dealings with the man myself. But a friend of mine, Lord Orpington, has been the victim of a most audacious burglary, and, the police having failed to solve the mystery, he has called Klimo in. We shall therefore see what he can do before many days are past. But, there, I expect you will soon know more about him than any of us."  "Indeed! And why?"  "For the simple reason that he has taken No. Belverton Terrace, the house adjoining your own, and sees his clients there."  Simon Carne pursed up his lips, and appeared to be considering something.  "I trust he will not prove a nuisance," he said at last. "The agents who found me the house should have acquainted me with the fact. Private detectives, on however large a scale, scarcely strike one as the most desirable of neighborsparticularly for a man who is so fond of quiet as myself."  At this moment they were approaching their destination. As the carriage passed Belverton Street and pulled up, Lord Amberley pointed to a long line of vehicles standing before the detective’s door.  "You can see for yourself something of the business he does," he said. "Those are the carriages of his clients, and it is probable that twice as many have arrived on foot."  "I shall certainly speak to the agent on the subject," said Carne, with a show of annoyance upon his face. "I consider the fact of this man’s being so close to me a serious drawback to the house."  Jowur Singh here descended from the box and opened the door in order that his master and his guest might alight, while portly Ram Gafur, the butler, came down the steps and salaamed before them with Oriental obsequiousness. Carne greeted his domestics with kindly condescension, and then, accompanied by the exViceroy, entered his new abode.  "I think you may congratulate yourself upon having secured one of the most desirable residences in London," said his lordship ten minutes or so later, when they had explored the principal rooms.  "I am very glad to hear you say so," said Carne. "I trust your lordship will remember that you will always be welcome in the house as long as I am its owner."  "It is very kind of you to say so," returned Lord Amberley warmly. "I shall look forward to some months of pleasant intercourse. And now I must be going. Tomorrow, perhaps, if you have nothing better to do, you will give us the pleasure of your company at dinner. Your fame has already gone abroad, and we shall ask one or two nice people to meet you, including my brother and sisterinlaw, Lord and Lady Gelpington, Lord and Lady Orpington, and my cousin, the Duchess of Wiltshire, whose interest in china and Indian art, as perhaps you know, is only second to your own."  "I shall be more glad to come."  "We may count on seeing you in Eaton Square, then, at eight o’clock?"  "If I am alive you may be sure I shall be there. Must you really go? Then goodbye, and many thanks for meeting me."  His lordship having left the house, Simon Carne went upstairs to his dressing room, which it was to be noticed he found without inquiry, and rang the electric bell, beside the fireplace, three times. While he was waiting for it to be answered he stood looking out of the window at the long line of carriages in the street below.  "Everything is progressing admirably," he said to himself. "Amberley does not suspect any more than the world in general. As a proof he asks me to dinner tomorrow evening to meet his brother and sisterinlaw, two of his particular friends, and above all Her Grace of Wiltshire. Of course I shall go, and when I bid Her Grace goodbye it will be strange if I am not one step nearer the interest on Liz’s money."  At this moment the door opened, and his valet, the grave and respectable Belton, entered the room. Carne turned to greet him impatiently.  "Come, come, Belton," he said, "we must be quick. It is twenty minutes to twelve, and if we don’t hurry the folk next door will become impatient. Have you succeeded in doing what I spoke to you about last night?"  "I have done everything, sir."  "I am glad to hear it. Now lock that door and let us get to work. You can let me have your news while I am dressing."  Opening one side of the massive wardrobe, that completely filled one end of the room, Belton took from it a number of garments. They included a wellworn velvet coat, a baggy pair of trousersso old that only a notorious pauper or a millionaire could have afforded to wear thema flannel waistcoat, a Gladstone collar, a soft silk tie, and a pair of embroidered carpet slippers upon which no old clothes man in the most reckless way of business in Petticoat Lane would have advanced a single halfpenny. Into these he assisted his master to change.  "Now give me the wig, and unfasten the straps of this hump," said Carne, as the other placed the garments just referred to upon a neighboring chair.  Belton did as he was ordered and then there happened a thing the like of which no one would have believed. Having unbuckled a strap on either shoulder, and slipped his hand beneath the waistcoat, he withdrew a large papiermâché hump, which he carried away and carefully placed in a drawer of the bureau. Relieved of his burden, Simon Carne stood up as straight and wellmade a man as any in Her Majesty’s dominions. The malformation, for which so many, including the Earl and Countess of Amberley, had often pitied him, was nothing but a hoax intended to produce an effect which would permit him additional facilities of disguise.  The hump discarded, and the grey wig fitted carefully to his head in such a manner that not even a pinch of his own curly locks could be seen beneath it, he adorned his cheeks with a pair of _crépu_hair whiskers, donned the flannel vest and the velvet coat previously mentioned, slipped his feet into the carpet slippers, placed a pair of smoked glasses upon his nose, and declared himself ready to proceed about his business. The man who would have known him for Simon Carne would have been as astute as, well, shall we say, as the private detectiveKlimo himself.  "It’s on the stroke of twelve," he said, as he gave a final glance at himself in the pierglass above the dressingtable, and arranged his tie to his satisfaction. "Should any one call, instruct Ram Gafur to tell them that I have gone out on business, and shall not be back until three o’clock."  "Very good, sir."  "Now undo the door and let me go in."  Thus commanded, Belton went across to the large wardrobe which, as I have already said, covered the whole of one side of the room, and opened the middle door. Two or three garments were seen inside suspended on pegs, and these he removed, at the same time pushing towards the right the panel at the rear. When this was done a large aperture in the wall between the two houses was disclosed. Through this door Carne passed, drawing it behind him.  In No. Belverton Terrace, the house occupied by the detective, whose presence in the street Carne seemed to find so objectionable, the entrance thus constructed was covered by the peculiar kind of confessional box in which Klimo invariably sat to receive his clients, the rearmost panels of which opened in the same fashion as those in the wardrobe in the dressing room. These being pulled aside, he had but to draw them to again after him, take his seat, ring the electric bell to inform his housekeeper that he was ready, and then welcome his clients as quickly as they cared to come.  Punctually at two o’clock the interviews ceased, and Klimo, having reaped an excellent harvest of fees, returned to Portchester House to become Simon Carne once more.  Possibly it was due to the fact that the Earl and Countess of Amberley were brimming over with his praise, or it may have been the rumor that he was worth as many millions as you have fingers upon your hand that did it; one thing, however, was selfevident, within twentyfour hours of the noble earl’s meeting him at Victoria Station, Simon Carne was the talk, not only fashionable, but also of unfashionable London.  That his household were, with one exception, natives of India, that he had paid a rental for Portchester House which ran into five figures, that he was the greatest living authority upon china and Indian art generally, and that he had come over to England in search of a wife, were among the smallest of the _canards_ set afloat concerning him.  During dinner next evening Carne put forth every effort to please. He was placed on the right hand of his hostess and next to the Duchess of Wiltshire. To the latter he paid particular attention, and to such good purpose that when the ladies returned to the drawingroom afterwards, Her Grace was full of his praises. They had discussed china of all sorts, Carne had promised her a specimen which she had longed for all her life, but had never been able to obtain, and in return she had promised to show him the quaintly carved Indian casket in which the famous necklace, of which he had, of course heard, spent most of its time. She would be wearing the jewels in question at her own ball in a week’s time, she informed him, and if he would care to see the case when it came from her bankers on that day, she would be only too pleased to show it to him.  As Simon Carne drove home in his luxurious brougham afterwards, he smiled to himself as he thought of the success which was attending his first endeavor. Two of the guests, who were stewards of the Jockey Club, had heard with delight his idea of purchasing a horse, in order to have an interest in the Derby. While another, on hearing that he desired to become the possessor of a yacht, had offered to propose him for the R.C.Y.C. To crown it all, however, and much better than all, the Duchess of Wiltshire had promised to show him her famous diamonds.  "By this time next week," he said to himself, "Liz’s interest should be considerably closer. But satisfactory as my progress has been hitherto, it is difficult to see how I am to get possession of the stones. From what I have been able to discover, they are only brought from the bank on the day the Duchess intends to wear them, and they are taken back by His Grace the morning following.  "While she has got them on her person it would be manifestly impossible to get them from her. And as, when she takes them off, they are returned to their box and placed in a safe, constructed in the wall of the bedroom adjoining, and which for the occasion is occupied by the butler and one of the under footmen, the only key being in the possession of the Duke himself, it would be equally foolish to hope to appropriate them. In what manner, therefore, I am to become their possessor passes my comprehension. However, one thing is certain, obtained they must be, and the attempt mast be made on the night of the ball if possible. In the meantime I’ll set my wits to work upon a plan."  Next day Simon Carne was the recipient of an invitation to the ball in question, and two days later he called upon the Duchess of Wiltshire, at her residence in Belgrave Square, with a plan prepared. He also took with him the small vase he had promised her four nights before. She received him most graciously, and their talk fell at once into the usual channel. Having examined her collection, and charmed her by means of one or two judicious criticisms, he asked permission to include photographs of certain of her treasures in his forthcoming book, then little by little he skillfully guided the conversation on to the subject of jewels.  "Since we are discussing gems, Mr. Carne," she said, "perhaps it would interest you to see my famous necklace. By good fortune I have it in the house now, for the reason that an alteration is being made to one of the clasps by my jewellers."  "I should like to see it immensely," answered Carne. "At one time and another I have had the good fortune to examine the jewels of the leading Indian princes, and I should like to be able to say that I have seen the famous Wiltshire necklace."  "Then you snail certainly have the honor," she answered with a smile. "If you will ring that bell I will send for it."  Carne rang the bell as requested, and when the butler entered he was given the key of the safe and ordered to bring the case to the drawingroom.  "We must not keep it very long," she observed while the man was absent. "It is to be returned to the bank in an hour’s time."  "I am indeed fortunate," Carne replied, and turned to the description of some curious Indian wood carving, of which he was making a special feature in his book. As he explained, he had collected his illustrations from the doors of Indian temples, from the gateways of palaces from old brass work, and even from carved chairs and boxes he had picked up in all sorts of odd corners. Her Grace was most interested.  "How strange that you should have mentioned it," she said. "If carved boxes have any interest for you, it is possible my jewel case itself may be of use to you. As I think I told you during Lady Amberley’s dinner, it came from Benares, and has carved upon it the portraits of nearly every god in the Hindu Pantheon."  "You raise my curiosity to fever heat," said Carne.  A few moments later the servant returned, bringing with him a wooden box, about sixteen inches long, by twelve wide, and eight deep, which he placed upon a table beside his mistress, after which he retired.  "This is the case to which I have just been referring," said the Duchess, placing her hand On the article in question. "If you glance at it you will see how exquisitely it is carved."  Concealing his eagerness with an effort, Simon Carne drew his chair up to the table, and examined the box.  It was with justice she had described it as a work of art. What the wood was of which it was constructed Carne was unable to tell. It was dark and heavy, and, though it was not teak, it closely resembled it. It was literally covered with quaint carving, and of its kind was an unique work of art.  "It is most curious and beautiful," said Carne when he had finished his examination. "In all my experience I can safely say I have never seen its equal. If you will permit me I should very much like to include a description and an illustration of it in my book."  "Of course you may do so; I shall be only too delighted," answered Her Grace. "If it will help you in your work I shall be glad to lend it to you for a few hours, in order that you may have the illustration made."  This was exactly what Carne had been waiting for, and accepted the offer with alacrity.  "Very well, then," she said. "On the day of my ball, when it will be brought from the bank again, I will take the necklace out and send the case to you. I must make one proviso, however, and that is that you let me have it back the same day."  "I will certainly promise to do that," replied Carne.  "And now let us look inside," said his hostess. Choosing a key from a bunch carried in her pocket, she unlocked the casket, and lifted the lid. Accustomed as Carne had all his life been to the sight of gems, what he then saw before him almost took his breath away. The inside of the box, both sides and bottom, was quilted with the softest Russia leather, and on this luxurious couch reposed the famous necklace. The fire of the stones when the light caught them was sufficient to dazzle the eyes, so fierce was it As Carne could see, every gem was perfect of its kind, and there were no fewer than three hundred of them. The setting was a fine example of the jeweller’s art, and last, but not least, the value of the whole affair was fifty thousand pounds, a mere fleabite to the man who had given it to his wife, but a fortune to any humbler person.  "And now that you have seen my property, what do you think of it?" asked the Duchess as she watched her visitor’s face.  "It is very beautiful," he answered, "and I do not wonder that you are proud of it. Yes, the diamonds are very fine, but I think it is their abidingplace that fascinates me more. Have you any objection to my measuring it?"  "Pray do so, if it’s likely to be of any assistance to you," replied Her Grace.  Carne thereupon produced a small ivory rule, ran it over the box, and the figures he thus obtained he jotted down in his pocketbook.  Ten minutes later, when the case had been returned to the safe, he thanked the Duchess for her kindness and took his departure, promising to call in person for the empty case on the morning of the ball.  Reaching home he passed into his study, and, seating himself at his writingtable, pulled a sheet of notepaper towards him and began to sketch, as well as he could remember it, the box he had seen. Then he leant back in his chair and closed his eyes.  "I have cracked a good many hard nuts in my time," he said reflectively, "but never one that seemed so difficult at first sight as this. As far as I see at present, the case stands as follows: the box will be brought from the bank where it usually reposes to Wiltshire House on the morning of the dance. I shall be allowed to have possession of it, without the stones of course, for a period possibly extending from eleven o’clock in the morning to four or five, at any rate not later than seven, in the evening. After the ball the necklace will be returned to it, when it will be locked up in the safe, over which the butler and a footman will mount guard.  "To get into the room during the night is not only too risky, but physically out of the question; while to rob Her Grace of her treasure during the progress of the dance would be equally impossible. The Duke fetches the casket and takes it back to the bank himself, so that to all intents and purposes I am almost as far off the solution as ever."  Halfanhour went by and found him still seated at his desk, staring at the drawing on the paper, then an hour. The traffic of the streets rolled past the house unheeded. Finally Jowur Singh announced his carriage, and, feeling that an idea might come to him with a change of scene, he set off for a drive in the Park.  By this time his elegant mail phaeton, with its magnificent horses and Indian servant on the seat behind, was as well known as Her Majesty’s state equipage, and attracted almost as much attention. Today, however, the fashionable world noticed that Simon Carne looked preoccupied. He was still working out his problem, but so far without much success. Suddenly something, no one will ever be able to say what, put an idea into his head. The notion was no sooner born in his brain than he left the Park and drove quickly home. Ten minutes had scarcely elapsed before he was back in his study again, and had ordered that Wajib Baksh should be sent to him.  When the man he wanted put in an appearance, Carne handed him the paper upon which he had made the drawing of the jewel case.  "Look at that," he said, "and tell me what thou seest there."  "I see a box," answered the man, who by this time was well accustomed to his master’s ways.  "As thou say’st, it is a box," said Carne. "The wood is heavy and thick, though what wood it is I do not know. The measurements are upon the paper below. Within, both the sides and bottom are quilted with soft leather, as I have also shown. Think now, Wajib Baksh, for in this case thou wilt need to have all thy wits about thee. Tell me, is it in thy power, oh must cunning of all craftsmen, to insert such extra sides within this box that they, being held by a spring, shall lie so snug as not to be noticeable to the ordinary eye? Can it be so arranged that, when the box is locked, they shall fall flat upon the bottom, thus covering and holding fast what lies beneath them, and yet making the box appear to the eye as if it were empty. Is it possible for thee to do such a thing?"  Wajib Baksh did not reply for a few moments.  His instinct told him what his master wanted, and he was not disposed to answer hastily, for he also saw that his reputation as the most cunning craftsman in India was at stake.  "If the Heavenborn will permit me the night for thought," he said at last, "I will come to him when he rises from his bed and tell him what I can do, and he can then give his orders."  "Very good," said Carne. "Then tomorrow morning I shall expect thy report. Let the work be good, and there will be many rupees for thee to touch in return. As to the lock and the way it shall act, let that be the concern of Hiram Singh."  Wajib Baksli salaamed and withdrew, and Simon Carne for the time being dismissed the matter from his mind.  Next morning, while he was dressing, Belton reported that the two artificers desired an interview with him. He ordered them to be admitted, and forthwith they entered the room. It was noticeable that Wajib Baksh carried in his hand a heavy box, which he placed upon the table.  "Have ye thought over the matter?" he asked, seeing that the men waited for him to speak.  "We have thought of it," replied Hiram Singh, who always acted as spokesman for the pair. "If the Presence will deign to look, he will see that we have made a box of the size and shape as he drew upon the paper."  "Yes, it is certainly a good copy," said Carne condescendingly, after he had examined it.  Wajib Baksh showed his white teeth in appreciation of the compliment, and Hiram Singh drew closer to the table.  "And now, if the Sahib will open it, he will in his wisdom be able to tell if it resembles the other that he has in his mind."  Carne opened the box as requested, and discovered that the interior was an exact counterfeit of the Duchess of Wiltshire’s jewel case, even to the extent of the quilted leather lining which had been the other’s principal feature. He admitted that the likeness was all that could be desired.  "As he is satisfied," said Hiram Singh, "it may be that the Protector of the Poor will deign to try an experiment with it. See, here is a comb. Let it be placed in the box, sonow he will see what he will see."  The broad, silverbacked comb, lying upon his dressingtable, was placed on the bottom of the box. the lid was closed, and the key turned in the lock. The case being securely fastened, Hiram Singh laid it before his master.  "I am to open it, I suppose?" said Carne, taking the key and replacing it in the lock.  "If my master pleases," replied the other.  Carne accordingly turned it in the lock, and, having done so, raised the lid and looked inside. His astonishment was complete. To all intents and purposes the box was empty. The comb was not to be seen, and yet the quilted sides and bottom were, to all appearances, just the same as when he had first looked inside.  "This is most wonderful," he said. And indeed it was as clever a conjuring trick as any he had ever seen.  "Nay, it is very simple," Wajib Baksh replied. "The Heavenborn told me that there must be no risk of detection."  He took the box in his own hands and, running his nails down the center of the quilting, divided the false bottom into two pieces; these he lifted out, revealing the comb lying upon the real bottom beneath.  "The sides, as my lord will see," said Hiram Singh, taking a step forward, "are held in their appointed places by these two springs. Thus, when the key is turned the springs relax, and the sides are driven by others into their places on the bottom, where the seams in the quilting mask the join. There is but one disadvantage. It is as follows: When the pieces which form the bottom are lifted out in order, that my lord may get at whatever lies concealed beneath, the springs must of necessity stand revealed. However, to any one who knows sufficient of the working of the box to lift out the false bottom, it will be an easy matter to withdraw the springs and conceal them about his person."  "As you say, that is an easy matter," said Carne, "and I shall not be likely to forget. Now one other question. Presuming I am in a position to put the real box into your hands for say eight hours, do you think that in that time you can fit it up so that detection will be impossible?"  "Assuredly, my lord," replied Hiram Singh, with conviction. "There is but the lock and the fitting of the springs to be done. Three hours at most would suffice for that."  "I am pleased with you," said Carne. "As a proof of my satisfaction, when the work is finished you will each receive five hundred rupees. Now you can go."  According to his promise, ten o’clock on the Friday following found him in his hansom driving towards Belgrave Square. He was a little anxious, though the casual observer would scarcely have been able to tell it. The magnitude of the stake for which he was playing was enough to try the nerve of even such a past master in his profession as Simon Carne.  Arriving at the house he discovered some workmen erecting an awning across the footway in preparation for the ball that was to take place at night. It was not long, however, before he found himself in the boudoir, reminding Her Grace of her promise to permit him an opportunity of making a drawing of the famous jewel case. The Duchess was naturally busy, and within a quarter of an hour he was on his way home with the box placed on the seat of the carriage beside him.  "Now," he said as he patted it goodhumoredly, "if only the notion worked out by Hiram Singh and Wajib Baksh holds good, the famous Wiltshire diamonds will become my property before very many hours are passed. By this time tomorrow, I suppose, London will be all agog concerning the burglary."  On reaching his house he left his carriage, and himself carried the box into his study. Once there he rang his bell and ordered Hiram Singh and Wajib Baksh to be sent to him. When they arrived he showed them the box upon which they were to exercise their ingenuity.  "Bring your tools in here," he said, "and do the work under my own eyes. You have but nine hours before you, so you must make the most of them."  The men went for their implements, and as soon as they were ready set to work. All through the day they were kept hard at it, with the result that by five o’clock the alterations had been effected and the case stood ready. By the time Carne returned from his afternoon drive in the Park it was quite prepared for the part it was to play in his scheme. Having praised the men, he turned them out and locked the door, then went across the room and unlocked a drawer in his writingtable. From it he took a flat leather jewel case, which he opened. It contained a necklace of counterfeit diamonds, if anything a little larger than the one he intended to try to obtain. He had purchased it that morning in the Burlington Arcade for the purpose of testing the apparatus his servants had made, and this he now proceeded to do.  Laying it carefully upon the bottom he closed the lid and turned the key. When he opened it again the necklace was gone, and even though he knew the secret he could not for the life of him see where the false bottom began and ended. After that he reset the trap and tossed the necklace carelessly in. To his delight it acted as well as on the previous occasion. He could scarcely contain his satisfaction. His conscience, was sufficiently elastic to give him no trouble. To him it was scarcely a robbery he was planning, but an artistic trial of skill, in which he pitted his wits and cunning against the forces of society in general.  At halfpast seven he dined, and afterwards smoked a meditative cigar over the evening paper in the billiardroom. The invitations to the ball were for ten o’clock, and at ninethirty he went to his dressingroom.  "Make me tidy as quickly as you can," he said to Belton when the latter appeared, "and while you are doing so listen to my final instructions."  "Tonight, as you know, I am endeavoring to secure the Duchess of Wiltshire’s necklace. Tomorrow all London will resound with the hubbub, and I have been making my plans in such a way as to arrange that Klimo shall be the first person consulted. When the messenger calls, if call he does, see that the old woman next door bids him tell the Duke to come personally at twelve o’clock. Do you understand?"  "Perfectly, sir."  "Very good. Now give me the jewel case, and let me be off. You need not sit up for me."  Precisely as the clocks in the neighborhood were striking ten Simon Carne reached Belgrave Square, and, as he hoped, found himself the first guest.  His hostess and her husband received him in the anteroom of the drawingroom.  "I come laden with a thousand apologies," he said as he took Her Grace’s hand, and bent over it with that ceremonious politeness which was one of the man’s chief characteristics. "I am most unconscionably early, I know, but I hastened here in order that I might personally return the jewel ease you so kindly lent me. I must trust to your generosity to forgive me. The drawings took longer than I expected."  "Please do not apologize," answered Her Grace. "It is very kind of you to have brought the case yourself. I hope the illustrations have proved successful. I shall look forward to seeing them as soon as they are ready. But I am keeping you holding the box. One of my servants will take it to my room."  She called a footman to her, and bade him take the box and place it upon her dressingtable.  "Before it goes I must let you see that I have not damaged it either externally or internally," said Carne with a laugh. "It is such a valuable case that I should never forgive myself if it had even received a scratch during the time it has been in my possession."  So saying he lifted the lid and allowed her to look inside. To all appearances it was exactly the same as when she had lent it to him earlier in the day.  "You have been most careful," she said. And then, with an air of banter, she continued: "If you desire it, I shall be pleased to give you a certificate to that effect."  They jested in this fashion for a few moments after the servant’s departure, during which time Carne promised to call upon her the following morning at eleven o’clock, and to bring with him the illustrations he had made and a queer little piece of china he had had the good fortune to pick up in a dealer’s shop the previous afternoon. By this time fashionable London was making its way up the grand staircase, and with its appearance further conversation became impossible.  Shortly after midnight Carne bade his hostess goodnight and slipped away. He was perfectly satisfied with his evening’s entertainment, and if the key of the jewel case were not turned before the jewels were placed in it, he was convinced they would become his property. It speaks well for his strength of nerve when I record the fact that on going to bed his slumbers were as peaceful and untroubled as those of a little child.  Breakfast was scarcely over next morning before a hansom drew up at his front door and Lord Amberley alighted. He was ushered into Carne’s presence forthwith, and on seeing that the latter was surprised at his early visit, hastened to explain.  "My dear fellow," he said, as he took possession of the chair the other offered him, "I have come round to see you on most important business. As I told you last night at the dance, when you so kindly asked me to come and see the steam yacht you have purchased, I had an appointment with Wiltshire at halfpast nine this morning. On reaching Belgrave Square, I found the whole house in confusion. Servants were running hither and thither with scared faces, the butler was on the borders of lunacy, the Duchess was wellnigh hysterical in her boudoir, while her husband was in his study vowing vengeance against all the world."  "You alarm me," said Carne, lighting a cigarette with a hand that was as steady as a rock. "What on earth has happened?"  "I think I might safely allow you fifty guesses and then wager a hundred pounds you’d not hit the mark; and yet in a certain measure it concerns you."  "Concerns me? Good gracious! What have I done to bring all this about?"  "Pray do not look so alarmed," said Amberley, "Personally you have done nothing. Indeed, on second thoughts, I don’t know that I am right in saying that it concerns you at all. The fact of the matter is, Carne, a burglary took place at Wiltshire House, _and the famous necklace has disappeared_."  "Good heavens! You don’t say so?"  "But I do. The circumstances of the case are as follows: When my cousin retired to her room lost night after the ball, she unclasped the necklace, and, in her husband’s presence, placed it carefully in her jewel case, which she locked. That having been done, Wiltshire took the box to the room which contained the safe, and himself placed it there, locking the iron door with his own key. The room was occupied that night, according to custom, by the butler and one of the footmen, both of whom have been in the family since they were boys.  "Next morning, after breakfast, the Duke unlocked the safe and took out the box, intending to convey it to the bank as usual. Before leaving, however, he placed it on his studytable and went upstairs to speak to his wife. He cannot remember exactly how long he was absent, but he feels convinced that he was not gone more than a quarter of an hour at the very utmost.  "Their conversation finished, she accompanied him downstairs, where she saw him take up the case to carry it to his carriage. Before he left the house, however, she said: ’I suppose you have looked to see that the necklace is all right?’ ’How could I do so?’ was his reply. ’You know you possess the only key that will fit it!’  "She felt in her pockets, but to her surprise the key was not there."  "If I were a detective I should say that that is a point to be remembered," said Carne with a smile. "Pray, where did she find her keys?"  "Upon her dressingtable," said Amberley. "Though she has not the slightest recollection of leaving them there."  "Well, when she had procured the keys, what happened?"  "Why, they opened the box, and, to their astonishment and dismay, _found it empty_. _The jewels were gone!_"  "Good gracious! What a terrible loss! It seems almost impossible that it can be true. And pray, what did they do?"  "At first they stood staring into the empty box, hardly believing the evidence of their own eyes. Stare how they would, however, they could not bring them back. The jewels had, without doubt, disappeared, but when and where the robbery had taken place it was impossible to say. After that they had up all the servants and questioned them, but the result was what they might have foreseen, no one from the butler to the kitchenmaid could throw any light upon the subject. To this minute it remains as great a mystery as when they first discovered it."  "I am more concerned than I can tell you," said Carne. "How thankful I ought to be that I returned the case to Her Grace last night. But in thinking of myself I am forgetting to ask what has brought you to me. If I can be of any assistance I hope you will command me."  "Well, I’ll tell you why I have come," replied Lord Amberley. "Naturally, they are most anxious to have the mystery solved and the jewels recovered as soon as possible. Wiltshire wanted to send to Scotland Yard there and then, but his wife and I eventually persuaded him to consult Klimo. As you know if the police authorities are called in first, he refuses the business altogether. Now, we thought, as you are his nextdoor neighbor, you might possibly be able to assist us."  "You may be very sure, my lord, I will do everything that lies in my power. Let us go and see him at once."  As he spoke he rose and threw what remained of his cigarette into the fireplace. His visitor having imitated his example, they procured their hats and walked round from Park Lane into Belverton Street to bring up at No.After they had rung the bell and the door was opened to them by the old woman who invariably received the detective’s clients.  "Is Mr. Klimo at home?" asked Carne. "And if so, can we see him?"  The old lady was a little deaf, and the question had to be repeated before she could be made to understand what was wanted. As soon, however, as she realized their desire, she informed them that her master was absent from town, but would be back as usual at twelve o’clock to meet his clients.  "What on earth’s to be done?" said the Earl, looking at his companion in dismay. "I am afraid I can’t come back again, as I have a most important appointment at that hour."  "Do you think you could entrust the business to me?" asked Carne. "If so, I will make a point of seeing him at twelve o’clock, and could call at Wiltshire House afterwards and tell the Duke what I have done."  "That’s very good of you," replied Amberley. "If you are sure it would not put you to too much trouble, that would be quite the best thing to be done."  "I will do it with pleasure," Carne replied. "I feel it my duty to help in whatever way I can."  "You are very kind," said the other. "Then, as I understand it, you are to call up Klimo at twelve o’clock, and afterwards let my cousins know what you have succeeded in doing. I only hope he will help us to secure the thief. We are having too many of these burglaries just now. I must catch this hansom and be off. Goodbye, and many thanks."  "Goodbye," said Carne, and shook him by the hand.  The hansom having rolled away, Carne retraced his steps to his own abode.  "It is really very strange," he muttered as he walked along, "how often chance condescends to lend her assistance to my little schemes. The mere fact that His Grace left the box unwatched in his study for a quarter of an hour may serve to throw the police off on quite another scent. I am also glad that they decided to open the case in the house, for if it had gone to the bankers’ and had been placed in the strongroom unexamined, I should never have been able to get possession of the jewels at all."  Three hours later he drove to Wiltshire House and saw the Duke. The Duchess was far too much upset by the catastrophe to see any one.  "This is really most kind of you, Mr. Carne," said His Grace when the other had supplied an elaborate account of his interview with Klimo. "We are extremely indebted to you. I am sorry he cannot come before ten o’clock tonight, and that he makes this stipulation of my seeing him alone, for I must confess I should like to have had some one else present to ask any questions that might escape me. But if that’s his usual hour and custom, well, we must abide by it, that’s all. I hope he will do some good, for this is the greatest calamity that has ever befallen me. As I told you just now, it has made my wife quite ill. She is confined to her bedroom and quite hysterical."  "You do not suspect any one, I suppose?" inquired Carne.  "Not a soul," the other answered. "The thing is such a mystery that we do not know what to think. I feel convinced, however, that my servants are as innocent as I am. Nothing will ever make me think them otherwise. I wish I could catch the fellow, that’s all. I’d make him suffer for the trick he’s played me."  Carne offered an appropriate reply, and after a little further conversation upon the subject, bade the irate nobleman goodbye and left the house. From Belgrave Square he drove to one of the clubs of which he had been elected a member, in search of Lord Orpington, with whom he had promised to lunch, and afterwards took him to a shipbuilder’s yard near Greenwich, in order to show him the steam yacht he had lately purchased.  It was close upon dinnertime before he returned to his own residence. He brought Lord Orpington with him, and they dined in state together. At nine o’clock the latter bade him goodbye, and at ten Carne retired to his dressingroom and rang for Belton.  "What have you to report," he asked, "with regard to what I bade you do in Belgrave Square?"  "I followed your instructions to the letter," Belton replied. "Yesterday morning I wrote to Messrs. Horniblow and Jinison, the house agents in Piccadilly, in the name of Colonel Braithwaite, and asked for an order to view the residence to the right of Wiltshire House. I asked that the order might be sent direct to the house, where the Colonel would get it upon his arrival. This letter I posted myself in Basingstoke, as you desired me to do.  "At nine o’clock yesterday morning I dressed myself as much like an elderly army officer as possible, and took a cab to Belgrave Square. The caretaker, an old fellow of close upon seventy years of age, admitted me immediately upon hearing my name, and proposed that he should show me over the house. This, however, I told him was quite unnecessary, backing my speech with a present of halfacrown, whereupon he returned to his breakfast perfectly satisfied, while I wandered about the house at my own leisure.  "Reaching the same floor as that upon which is situated the room in which the Duke’s safe is kept, I discovered that your supposition was quite correct, and that it would be possible for a man, by opening the window, to make his way along the coping from one house to the other, without being seen. I made certain that there was no one in the bedroom in which the butler slept, and then arranged the long telescope walkingstick you gave me, and fixed one of my boots to it by means of the screw in the end. With this I was able to make a regular succession of footsteps in the dust along the ledge, between one window and the other.  "That done, I went downstairs again, bade the caretaker goodmorning, and got into my cab. From Belgrave Square I drove to the shop of the pawnbroker whom you told me you had discovered was out of town. His assistant inquired my business, and was anxious to do what he could for me. I told him, however, that I must see his master personally, as it was about the sale of some diamonds I had had left me. I pretended to be annoyed that he was not at home, and muttered to myself, so that the man could hear, something about its meaning a journey to Amsterdam.  "Then I limped out of the shop, paid off my cab, and, walking down a bystreet, removed my moustache, and altered my appearance by taking off my greatcoat and muffler. A few streets further on I purchased a bowler hat in place of the oldfashioned topper I had hitherto been wearing, and then took a cab from Piccadilly and came home."  "You have fulfilled my instructions admirably," said Carne. "And if the business comes off, as I expect it will, you shall receive your usual percentage. Now I must be turned into Klimo and be off to Belgrave Square to put His Grace of Wiltshire upon the track of this burglar."  Before he retired to rest that night Simon Carne took something, wrapped in a red silk handkerchief, from the capacious pocket of the coat Klimo had been wearing a few moments before. Having unrolled the covering, he held up to the light the magnificent necklace which for so many years had been the joy and pride of the ducal house of Wiltshire. The electric light played upon it, and touched it with a thousand different hues.  "Where so many have failed," he said to himself, as he wrapped it in the handkerchief again and locked it in his safe, "it is pleasant to be able to congratulate oneself on having succeeded. It is without its equal, and I don’t think I shall be overstepping the mark if I say that I think when she receives it Liz will be glad she lent me the money."  Next morning all London was astonished by the news that the famous Wiltshire diamonds had been stolen, and a few hours later Carne learnt from an evening paper that the detectives who had taken up the case, upon the supposed retirement from it of Klimo, were still completely at fault.  That evening he was to entertain several friends to dinner. They included Lord Amberley, Lord Orpington, and a prominent member of the Privy Council, Lord Amberley arrived late, but filled to overflowing with importance. His friends noticed his state, and questioned him.  "Well, gentlemen," he answered, as he took up a commanding position upon the drawingroom hearthrug, "I am in a position to inform you that Klimo has reported upon the case, and the upshot of it is that the Wiltshire Diamond Mystery is a mystery no longer."  "What do you mean?" asked the others in a chorus.  "I mean that he sent in his report to Wiltshire this afternoon, as arranged. From what he said the other night, after being alone in the room with the empty jewel case and a magnifying glass for two minutes or so, he was in a position to describe the modus operandi, and, what is more, to put the police on the scent of the burglar."  "And how was it worked?" asked Carne.  "From the empty house next door," replied the other. "On the morning of the burglary a man, purporting to be a retired army officer, called with an order to view, got the caretaker out of the way, clambered along to Wiltshire house by means of the parapet outside, reached the room during the time the servants were at breakfast, opened the safe, and abstracted the jewels."  "But how did Klimo find all this out?" asked Lord Orpington.  "By his own inimitable cleverness," replied Lord Amberley. "At any rate it has been proved that he was correct. The man did make his way from next door, and the police have since discovered that an individual, answering to the description given, visited a pawnbroker’s shop in the city about an hour later, and stated that he had diamonds to sell."  "If that is so it turns out to be a very simple mystery after all," said Lord Orpington as they began their meal.  "Thanks to the ingenuity of the cleverest detective in the world," remarked Amberley.  "In that case here’s a good health to Klimo," said the Privy Councillor, raising his glass.  "I will join you in that," said Simon Carne. "Here’s a very good health to Klimo and his connection with the Duchess of Wiltshire’s diamonds. May he always be equally successful!"  "Hear, hear to that," replied his guests.      *CHAPTER IV.*   *HOW SIMON CARNE WON THE DERBY.*   It was seven o’clock on one of the brightest mornings of all that year. The scene was Waterloo Station, where the Earl of Amberley, Lord Orpington, and the Marquis of Laverstock were pacing up and down the main line departure platform, gazing anxiously about them. It was evident, from the way they scrutinized every person who approached them, that they were on the lookout for some one. This some one ultimately proved to be Simon Carne, who, when he appeared, greeted them with considerable cordiality, at the same time apologizing for his lateness in joining them.  "I think this must be our train," he said, pointing to the carriages drawn up beside the platform on which they stood. "At any rate, here is my man. By dint of study he has turned himself into a sort of walking Bradshaw, and he will certainly be able to inform us."  The inimitable Belton deferentially insinuated that his master was right in his conjecture, and then led the way towards a Pullman car, which had been attached to the train for the convenience of Carne and his guests. They took their seats, and a few moments later the train moved slowly out of the station. Carne was in the best of spirits, and the fact that he was taking his friends down to the stables of his trainer, William Bent, in order that they might witness a trial of his candidate for the Derby, seemed to give him the greatest possible pleasure.  On reaching Merford, the little wayside station nearest the village in which the training stables were situated, they discovered a comfortable fourwheeled conveyance drawn up to receive them. The driver touched his hat, and stated that his master was awaiting them on the Downs; this proved to be the case, for when they left the highroad and turned on to the soft turf they saw before them a string of thoroughbreds, and the trainer himself mounted upon his wellknown white pony, Columbine.  "Goodmorning, Bent," said Carne, as the latter rode up and lifted his hat to himself and friends. "You see we have kept our promise, and are here to witness the trial you said you had arranged for us."  "I am glad to see you, sir," Bent replied. "And I only hope that what I am about to show you will prove of service to you. The horse is as fit as mortal hands can make him, and if he don’t do his best for you next week there will be one person surprised in England, and that one will be myself. As you know, sir, the only horse I dread is Vulcanite, and the fact cannot be denied that he’s a real clinker."  "Well," said Carne, "when we have seen our animal gallop we shall know better how much trust we are to place in him. For my own part I’m not afraid. Vulcanite, as you say, is a good horse, but, if I’m not mistaken, Knight of Malta is a better. Surely this is he coming toward us."  "That’s him," said the trainer, with a fine disregard for grammar. "There’s no mistaking him, is there? And now, if you’d care to stroll across we’ll see them saddle."  The party accordingly descended from the carriage, and walked across the turf to the spot where the four thoroughbreds were being divested of their sheets. They made a pretty group; but even the most inexperienced critic could scarcely have failed to pick out Knight of Malta as the best among them. He was a tall, shapely bay, with black points, a trifle light of flesh perhaps, but with clean, flat legs, and low, greyhoundlike thighs sure evidence of the enormous propelling power he was known to possess. His head was perfection itself, though a wee bit too lopeared if anything. Taken altogether he looked, what he was, thoroughbred every inch of him. The others of the party were Gasometer, Hydrogen, and Young Romeo, the lastnamed being the particular trial horse of the party. It was a favorite boast of the trainer that the lastnamed was so reliable in his habits, his condition, and his pace, that you would not be far wrong to set your watch by him.  "By the way, Bent," said Carne, as the boys were lifted into their saddles, "what weights are the horses carrying?"  "Well, sir, Young Romeo carriesst.lb.; Gasometer,st.lb.; Hydrogen,st.lb.; and the Knight,st.lb. The distance will be the Epsom course, one mile and half, and the best horse to win. Now, sir, if you’re ready we’ll get to work."  He turned to the lad who was to ride Hydrogen.  "Once you are off you will make the running, and bring them along at your best pace to the dip, where Gasometer will, if possible, take it up. After that I leave it to you other boys to make the best race of it you can. You, Blunt," calling up his head lad, "go down with them to the post, and get them off to as good a start as possible."  The horses departed, and Simon Carne and his friends accompanied the trainer to a spot where they would see the finish to the best advantage. Five minutes later an ejaculation from Lord Orpington told them that the horses had started. Each man accordingly clapped his glasses to his eyes, and watched the race before them. Faithful to his instructions, the lad on Hydrogen came straight to the front, and led them a cracker until they descended into the slight dip which marked the end of the first halfmile.  Then he retired to the rear, hopelessly done for, and Gasometer took up the running, with Knight of Malta close alongside him, and Young Romeo only half a length away. As they passed the mile post Young Romeo shot to the front, but it soon became evident he had not come to stay. Good horse as he was, there was a better catching him hand over fist. The pace was all that could be desired, and when Knight of Malta swept past the group, winner of the trial by more than his own length, the congratulations Simon Carne received were as cordial as he could possibly desire.  "What did I tell you, sir?" said Bent, with a smile of satisfaction upon his face. "You see what a good horse he is. There’s no mistake about that."  "Well, let us hope he will do as well a week hence," Carne replied simply, as he replaced his glasses in their case.  "Amen to that," remarked Lord Orpington.  "And now, gentlemen," said the trainer, "if you will allow me, I will drive you over to my place to breakfast."  They took their places in the carriage once more, and Bent having taken the reins, in a few moments they were bowling along the highroad towards a neat modern residence standing on a slight eminence on the edge of the Downs. This was the trainer’s own place of abode, the stables containing his many precious charges lying a hundred yards or so to the rear.  They were received on the threshold by the trainer’s wife, who welcomed them most heartily to Merford. The keen air of the Downs had sharpened their appetites, and when they sat down to table they found they were able to do full justice to the excellent fare provided for them. The meal at an end, they inspected the stables, once more carefully examining the Derby candidate, who seemed none the worse for his morning’s exertion, and then Carne left his guests in the big yard to the enjoyment of their cigars, while he accompanied his trainer into the house for a few moments’ chat.  "And now sit down, sir," said Bent, when they reached his own sanctum, a cosy apartment, half sittingroom and half office, bearing upon its walls innumerable mementoes of circumstances connected with the owner’s lengthy turf experiences. "I hope you are satisfied, with what you saw this morning?"  "Perfectly satisfied," said Carne, "but I should like to hear exactly what you think about the race itself."  "Well, sir, as you may imagine I have been thinking a good deal about it lately, and this the conclusion I have come to. If this were an ordinary year, I should say that we possess out and away the best horse in the race; but we must remember that this is not by any means an ordinary yearthere’s Vulcanite, who they tell me is in the very pink of condition, and who has beaten our horse each time they have met; there’s the Mandarin, who won the Two Thousand this week, and who will be certain to come into greater favor as the time shortens, and The Filibuster who won the Biennial Stakes at the Craven Meeting, a nice enough horse, though I must say I don’t fancy him overmuch myself."  "I take it, then, that the only horse you really fear is Vulcanite?"  "That’s so, sir. If he were not in the list, I should feel as certain of seeing you leading your horse back a winner as any man could well be."  On looking at his watch Carne discovered that it was time for him to rejoin his friends and be off to the railway station if they desired to catch the train which they had arranged should convey them back to town. So bidding the trainer and his wife goodbye, they took their places in the carriage once more, and were driven away.  Arriving at Waterloo, they drove to Lord Orpington’s club.  "Do you know you’re a very lucky fellow, Carne?" said the Earl of Amberley as they stood on the steps of that institution afterwards, before separating in pursuit of the pleasures of the afternoon. "You have health, wealth, fame, good looks, one of the finest houses in London, and now one of the prospective winners of the Derby. In fact, you only want one thing to make your existence perfect."  "And what is that?" asked Carne.  "A wife," replied Lord Amberley. "I wonder the girls have let you escape so long."  "I am not a marrying man," said Carne; "how could a fellow like myself, who is here today and gone tomorrow, expect any woman to link her lot with his? Do you remember our first meeting?"  "Perfectly," replied Lord Amberley. "When I close my eyes I can see that beautiful marble palace, set in its frame of blue water as plainly as if it were but yesterday I breakfasted with you there."  "That was a very fortunate morning for me," said the other. "And now here is my cab. I must be off. Goodbye."  "Goodbye," cried his friends, as he went down the steps and entered the vehicle. "Don’t forget to let us know if anything further turns up."  "I will be sure to do so," said Simon Carne, and then, as he laid himself back on the soft cushions and was driven by way of Waterloo Place to Piccadilly, he added to himself, "Yes if I can bring off the little scheme I have in my mind, and one or two others which I am preparing, and can manage to get out of England without any one suspecting that I am the burglar who has outwitted all London, I shall have good cause to say that was a very fortunate day for me when I first met his lordship."  That evening he dined alone. He seemed preoccupied, and it was evident that he was disappointed about something. Several times on hearing noises in the street outside he questioned his servants as to the cause. At last, however, when Ram Gafur entered the room carrying a telegram upon a salver, his feelings found vent in a sigh of satisfaction. With eager fingers he broke open the envelope, withdrew the contents, and read the message it contained:  "Seven Stars Music HallWhitechapel Road. Ten o’clock."  There was no signature, but that fact did not seem to trouble him very much. He placed it in his pocketbook, and afterwards continued his meal in better spirits. When the servants had left the room he poured himself out a glass of port, and taking a pencil proceeded to make certain calculations upon the back of an envelope. For nearly ten minutes he occupied himself in this way, then he tore the paper into tiny pieces, replaced his pencil in his pocket, and sipped his wine with a satisfaction that was the outcome of perfected arrangements.  "The public excitement," he said to himself, not without a small touch of pride, "has as yet scarcely cooled down from the robbery of the famous Wiltshire jewels. Lord Orpington has not as yet discovered the whereabouts of the gold and silver plate which disappeared from his house so mysteriously a week or two ago, while several other people have done their best to catch a gang of burglars who would seem to have set all London at defiance. But if I bring off this new coup, they’ll forget all their grievances in consideration of the latest and greatest scandal. There’ll be scarcely a man in England who won’t have something to say upon the subject. By the way, let me see how he stands in the betting tonight."  He took a paper from the table in the window, and glanced down the sporting column. Vulcanite was evidently the public’s choice, Knight of Malta being the only second favorite, with The Mandarin a strong third.  "What a hubbub there will be when it becomes known," said Carne, as he placed the paper on the table again. "I shall have to take especial care, or some of the storm may blow back on me. I fancy I can hear the newsboys shouting: ’Latest news of the turf scandal. The Derby favorite stolen. Vulcanite missing. An attempt made to get at Knight of Malta.’ Why, it will be twenty years before old England will forget the sensation I am about to give her."  With a grim chuckle at the idea, he went upstairs to his dressingroom and locked the door. It must have been well after nine o’clock when he emerged again, and clad in a long ulster, left the house in his private hansom. Passing down Park Lane he drove along Piccadilly, then by way of the Haymarket, Strand, Ludgate Hill, and Fenchurch Street to the Whitechapel Road. Reaching the corner of Leman Street he signalled to his man to stop, and jumped out.  His appearance was now entirely changed. Instead of the deformed, scholarlike figure he usually presented, he now resembled a commonplace, farmerish individual, with irongrey hair, a somewhat crafty face, ornamented with bushy eyebrows and a quantity of fluffy whiskers. How he had managed it as he drove along goodness only knows, but that he had effected the change was certain.  Having watched his cab drive away, he strolled along the street until he arrived at a building, the flaring lights of which proclaimed it the Seven Stars Music Hall. He paid his money at the box office, and then walked inside to find a fairsized building, upon the floor of which were placed possibly a hundred small tables. On the stage at the further end a young lady, boasting of a minimum of clothing and a maximum of selfassurance was explaining, to the dashing accompaniment of the orchestra, the adventures she had experienced "When Billy and me was courting."  Acting up to his appearance, Carne called for a "two of Scotch cold," and, having lit a meerschaum pipe which he took from his waistcoat pocket, prepared to make himself at home. As ten o’clock struck he turned his chair a little, in order that he might have a better view of the door, and waited.  Five minutes must have elapsed before his patience was rewarded. Then two men came in together, and immediately he saw them he turned his face in an opposite direction, and seemed to be taking an absorbing interest in what was happening upon the stage.  One of the men who had entered, and whom he had seemed to recognizea cadaverouslooking individual in a suit of clothes a size too small for him, a velvet waistcoat at least three sizes too large, a check tie, in which was stuck an enormous horseshoe pin composed of palpably imitation diamonds, boasting no shirt as far as could be seen, and wearing upon his head a top hat of a shape that had been fashionable in the early sixtiesstopped, and placed his hand upon his shoulder.  "Mr. Blenkins, or I’m a d’isy," he said. "Well, who’d ha’ thought of seeing you here of all places? Why, it was only this afternoon as me and my friend, Mr. Brown here, was aspeaking of you. To think as how you should ha’ come up to London just this very time, and be at the Seven Stars Music Hall, of all other places! It’s like what the noospapers call a goinsidence, drat me if it ain’t. ’Ow are yer, old pal?"  He extended his hand, which Mr. Blenkins took, and shook with considerable cordiality. After that, Mr. Brown, who from outward appearances was by far the most respectable of the trio, was introduced in the capacity of a gentleman from America, a citizenship that became more apparent when he opened his mouth to speak.  "And what was ’ee speaking of I about?" asked Mr. Blenkins, when the trio were comfortably seated at table.  This the diffident Mr. Jones, for by that commonplace appellative the seedy gentleman with the magnificent diamonds chose to be called; declined to state. It would appear that he was willing to discuss the news of the day, the price of forage, the prospects of war, the programme proceeding upon the stage, in fact, anything rather than declare the subject of his conversation with Mr. Brown that afternoon.  It was not until Mr. Brown happened to ask Mr. Blenkins what horse he fancied for the Derby that Mr. Jones in any degree recovered his selfpossession. Then an animated discussion on the forthcoming race was entered upon. How long it would have lasted had not Mr. Jones presently declared that the music of the orchestra was too much for him I cannot say.  Thereupon Mr. Brown suggested that they should leave the Hall and proceed to a place of which he knew in a neighboring street. This they accordingly did, and when they were safely installed in a small room off the bar, Mr. Jones, having made certain that there was no one near enough to overhear, unlocked his powers of conversation with whisky and water, and proceeded to speak his mind.  For upwards of an hour they remained closeted in the room together, conversing in an undertone. Then the meeting broke up, Mr. Blenkins bidding his friends "goodnight" before they left the house.  From the outward appearances of the party, if in these days of seedy millionaires and overdressed bankrupts one may venture to judge by them, he would have been a speculative individual who would have given a fivepound note for the worldly wealth of the trio. Yet, had you taken so much trouble you might have followed Mr. Blenkins and have seen him picked up by a smart private hansom at the corner of Leman Street. You might then have gone back to the Hen and Feathers, and have followed Mr. Brown as far as Osborn Street, and have seen him enter a neat brougham, which was evidently his own private property. Another hansom, also a private one, met Mr. Jones in the same thoroughfare, and an hour later two of the number were in Park Lane, while the third was discussing a bottle of Heidseck in a gorgeous private sittingroom on the second floor of the Langham Hotel.  As he entered his dressingroom on his return to Porchester House, Simon Carne glanced at his watch. It was exactly twelve o’clock.  "I hope Belton will not be long," he said to himself. "Give him a quarter of an hour to rid himself of the other fellow, and say halfanhour to get home. In that case he should be here within the next few minutes."  The thought had scarcely passed through his brain before there was a deferential knock at the door, and the next moment Belton, clad in a long greatcoat, entered the room.  "You’re back sooner than I expected," said Carne. "You could not have stayed very long with our friend?"  "I left him soon after you did, sir," said Belton. "He was in a hurry to get home, and as there was nothing more to settle I did not attempt to prevent him. I trust you are satisfied, sir, with the result of our adventure."  "Perfectly satisfied," said Carne. "Tomorrow I’ll make sure that he’s good for the money, and then we’ll get to work. In the meantime you had better see about a van and the furniture of which I spoke to you, and also engage a man upon whom you can rely."  "But what about Merford, sir, and the attempt upon Knight of Malta?"  "I’ll see about that on Monday. I have promised Bent to spend the night there."  "You’ll excuse my saying so, sir, I hope," said Belton, as he poured out his master’s hot water and laid his dressinggown upon the back of a chair, ready for him to put on, "but it’s a terrible risky business. If we don’t bring it off, there’ll be such a noise in England as has never been heard before. You might murder the Prime Minister, I believe, and it wouldn’t count for so much with the people generally as an attempt to steal the Derby favorite."  "But we shall not fail," said Carne, confidently. "By this time you ought to know me better than to suppose that. No, no, never fear, Belton; I’ve got all my plans cut and dried, and even if we fail to get possession of Vulcanite, the odds are a thousand to one against our being suspected of any complicity in the matter. Now you can go to bed. Goodnight."  "Goodnight, sir," said Belton respectfully, and left the room.  It was one of Simon Carne’s peculiarities always to fulfill his engagements in spite of any inconvenience they might cause himself. Accordingly the four o’clock train from Waterloo, on the Monday following the meeting at the Music Hall just narrated, carried him to Merford in pursuance of the promise he had given his trainer.  Reaching the little wayside station on the edge of the Downs, he alighted, to find himself welcomed by his trainer, who lifted his hat respectfully, and wished him goodafternoon.  During the drive, Carne spoke of the impending race, and among other things of a letter he had that morning received, warning him of an attempt that would probably be made to obtain possession of his good horse. The trainer laughed goodhumoredly.  "Bless you, sir," he said, "that’s nothing. You should just see some of the letters I’ve got pasted into my scrapbook. Most of ’em comes a week or fortnight before a big race. Some of ’em warns me that if I don’t prevent the horse from starting, I’m as good as a dead man; others ask me what price I will take to let him finish outside the first three; while more still tell me that if I don’t put ’im out of the way altogether, I’ll find my house and my wife and family flying up to the clouds under a full charge of dynamite within three days of the race being run. Don’t you pay any attention to the letters you receive. I’ll look after the horse, and you may be very sure I’ll take good care that nothing happens to him."  "I know that, of course," said Carne, "but I thought I’d tell you. You see, I’m only a novice at racing, and perhaps I place more importance just now upon a threat of that kind than I shall do a couple of years hence."  "Of course," replied the trainer. "I understand exactly how you feel, sir. It’s quite natural. And now here we are, with the missis standing on the steps to help me give you a hearty welcome."  They drove up to the door, and when Carne had alighted he was received by the trainer’s wife as her lord and master had predicted. His bedroom, he discovered, on being conducted to it to prepare for dinner, was at the back of the house, overlooking the stableyard, and possessed a lovely view, extending across the gardens and village towards where the Downs ended and the woods of Herberford began.  "A pretty room," he said to Belton, as the latter laid out his things upon the bed, "and very convenient for our purpose. Have you discovered where you are located?"  "Next door, sir."  "I am glad of that; and what room is beneath us?"  "The kitchen and pantry, sir. With the exception of one at the top of the house, there are no other bedrooms on this side."  "That is excellent news. Now get me ready as soon as you can."  During dinner that evening Simon Carne made himself as pleasant as possible to his host and hostess. So affable, indeed, was he that when they retired to rest they confessed to each other that they had never entertained a more charming guest. It was arranged that he should be called at five o’clock on the morning following, in order that he might accompany the trainer to the Downs to see his horse at his exercise.  It was close upon eleven o’clock when he dismissed his valet and threw himself upon his bed with a novel. For upwards of two hours he amused himself with his book; then he rose and dressed himself in the rough suit which his man had put out for him. Having done so, he took a strong rope ladder from his bag, blew out his light, and opened his window. To attach the hooks at the end of the ropes to the inside of the windowsill, and to throw the rest outside was the work of a moment. Then, having ascertained that his door was securely locked, he crawled out and descended to the ground. Once there, he waited until he saw Belton’s light disappear, and heard his window softly open. Next moment a small black bag was lowered, and following it by means of another ladder, came the servant himself.  "There is no time to be lost," said Carne, as soon as they were together. "You must set to work on the big gates while I do the other business. The men are all asleep; nevertheless, be careful that you make no noise."  Having given his instructions, he left his servant and made his way across the yard towards the box where Knight of Malta was confined. When he reached it he unfastened the bag he had brought with him, and took from it a brace and a peculiarshaped bit, resembling a pair of compasses. Uniting these, he oiled the points and applied them to the door, a little above the lock. What he desired to do did not occupy him for more than a minute.  Then he went quietly along the yard to the further boundary, where he had that afternoon noticed a short ladder. By means of this he mounted to the top of the wall, then lifted it up after him and lowered it on the other side, still without making any noise. Instead of dismounting by it, however, he seated himself for a moment astride of it, while he drew on a pair of clumsy boots he had brought with him, suspended round his neck. Then, having chosen his place, he jumped. His weight caused him to leave a good mark on the soft ground on the other side.  He then walked heavily for perhaps fifty yards, until he reached the highroad. Here he divested himself of his boots, put on his list slippers once more, and returned as speedily as possible to the ladder, which he mounted and drew up after him. Having descended on the other side, he left it standing against the wall, and hastened across the yard towards the gates, where he found Belton just finishing the work he had set him to do.  With the aid of a brace and bit similar to that used by Carne upon the stable door, the lock had been entirely removed and the gate stood open. Belton was evidently satisfied with his work; Carne, however, was not so pleased. He picked up the circle of wood and showed it to his servant. Then, taking the bit, he inserted the screw on the reverse side and gave it two or three turns.  "You might have ruined everything," he whispered, "by omitting that. The first carpenter who looked at it would be able to tell that the work was done from the inside. But thank goodness, I know a trick that will set that right. Now then, give me the pads and I’ll drop them by the door. Then we can return to our rooms."  Four large blanket pads were handed to him, and he went quietly across and dropped them by the stable door. After that he rejoined Belton, and they made their way, with the assistance of the ladders, back to their own rooms once more.  Halfanhour later Carne was wrapped in a sweet slumber from which he did not awake until he was aroused by a tapping at his chamber door. It was the trainer.  "Mr. Carne," cried Bent, in what were plainly agitated tones, "if you could make it convenient I should be glad to speak to you as soon as possible."  In something under twenty minutes he was dressed and downstairs. He found the trainer awaiting him in the hall, wearing a very serious face.  "If you will stroll with me as far as the yard, I should like to show you something," he said.  Carne accordingly took up his hat and followed him out.  "You look unusually serious," said the latter as they crossed the garden.  "An attempt has been made to get possession of your horse."  Carne stopped short in his walk and faced the other.  "What did I tell you yesterday?" he remarked. "I was certain that that letter was more than an idle warning. But how do you know that an attempt has been made?"  "Come, sir, and see for yourself," said Bent. "I am sorry to say there is no gainsaying the fact."  A moment later they had reached the entrance to the stableyard.  "See sir," said Bent pointing to a circular hole which now existed where previously the lock had been. "The rascals cut out the lock, and thus gained an entry to the yard."  He picked up the round piece of wood with the lock still attached to it, and showed it to his employer.  "One thing is very certain, the man who cut this hole is a master of his trade, and is also the possessor of fine implements."  "So it would appear," said Carne grimly. "Now what else is there for me to hear? Is the horse much hurt?"  "Not a bit the worse, sir," answered Bent. "They didn’t get in at him, you see. Something must have frightened them before they could complete their task. Step this way, sir, if you please, and examine the door of the box for yourself. I have given strict orders that nothing shall be touched until you have seen it."  They crossed the yard together, and approached the box in question. On the woodwork the commencement of a circle similar to that which had been completed on the yard gates could be plainly distinguished, while on the ground below lay four curiousshaped pads, one of which Carne picked up.  "What on earth are these things?" he asked innocently.  "Their use is easily explained, sir," answered the trainer. "They are intended for tying over the horse’s feet, so that when he is led out of his box his plates may make no noise upon the stones. I’d like to have been behind ’em with a whip when they got him out, that’s all. The doubledyed rascals, to try such a trick upon a horse in my charge!"  "I can understand your indignation," said Carne. "It seems to me we have had a very narrow escape."  "Narrow escape or no narrow escape, I’d have ’em safely locked up in Merford Police Station by this time," replied Bent vindictively. "And now, sir, let me show you how they got out. As far as I can see they must have imagined they heard somebody coming from the house, otherwise they would have left by the gates instead of by this ladder."  He pointed to the ladder, which was still standing where Carne had placed it, and then led him by a side door round to the other side of the wall. Here he pointed to some heavy footmarks upon the turf. Carne examined them closely.  "If the size of his boot is any criterion of his build," he said, "he must have been a precious big fellow. Let me see how mine compares with it."  He placed his neat shoe in one of the imprints before him, and smiled as he noticed how the other overlapped it.  They then made their way to the box, where they found the animal at his breakfast. He lifted his head and glanced round at them, bit at the iron of the manger, and then gave a little playful kick with one of his hind legs.  "He doesn’t seem any the worse for his adventure," said Carne, as the trainer went up to him and ran his hand over his legs.  "Not a bit," answered the other. "He’s a wonderfully eventempered horse, and it takes a lot to put him out. If his nerves had been at all upset he wouldn’t have licked up his food as clean as he has done."  Having given another look at him, they left him in charge of his lad, and returned to the house.  The gallop after breakfast confirmed their conclusion that there was nothing the matter, and Simon Carne returned to town ostensibly comforted by Bent’s solemn assurance to that effect. That afternoon Lord Calingforth, the owner of Vulcanite, called upon him. They had met repeatedly, and consequently were on the most intimate terms.  "Goodafternoon, Carne," he said as he entered the room. "I have come to condole with you upon your misfortune, and to offer you my warmest sympathy."  "Why, what on earth has happened?" asked Carne, as he offered his visitor a cigar.  "God bless my soul, my dear fellow! Haven’t you seen the afternoon paper? Why, it reports the startling news that your stables were broken into last night, and that my rival, Knight of Malta, was missing this morning."  Carne laughed.  "I wonder what they’ll say next," he said quietly. "But don’t let me appear to deceive you. It is perfectly true that the stables were broken into last night, but the thieves were disturbed, and decamped just as they were forcing the lock of the Knight’s box."  "In that case I congratulate you. What rascally inventions some of these sporting papers do get hold of, to be sure. I’m indeed glad to hear that it is not true. The race would have lost half its interest if your horse were out of it. By the way, I suppose you are still as confident as ever?"  "Would you like to test it?"  "Very much, if you feel inclined for a bet."  "Then I’ll have a level thousand pounds with you that my horse beats yours. Both to start or the wager is off. Do you agree?"  "With pleasure. I’ll make a note of it."  The noble Earl jotted the bet down in his book, and then changed the subject by inquiring whether Carne had ever had any transactions with his nextdoor neighbor, Klimo.  "Only on one occasion," the other replied. "I consulted him on behalf of the Duke of Wiltshire at the time his wife’s diamonds were stolen. To tell the truth, I was half thinking of calling him in to see if he could find the fellow who broke into the stables last night, but on second thoughts I determined not to do so. I did not want to make any more fuss about it than I could help. But what makes you ask about Klimo?"  "Well, to put the matter in a nutshell, there has been a good deal of small pilfering down at my trainer’s place lately, and I want to get it stopped."  "If I were you I should wait till after the race, and then have him down. If one excites public curiosity just now, one never knows what will happen."  "I think you are right. Anyhow, I’ll act on your advice. Now what do you say to coming along to the Rooms with me to see how our horses stand in the market? Your presence there would do more than any number of paper denials towards showing the fallacy of this stupid report. Will you come?"  "With pleasure," said Carne, and in less than five minutes he was sitting beside the noble Earl in his mail phaeton, driving towards the rooms in question.  When he got there, he found Lord Calingforth had stated the case very correctly. The report that Knight of Malta had been stolen had been widely circulated, and Carne discovered that the animal was, for the moment, almost a dead letter in the market. The presence of his owner, however, was sufficient to stay the panic, and when he had snapped up two or three long bets, which a few moments before had been going begging, the horse began steadily to rise towards his old position.  That night, when Belton waited upon his master at bedtime, he found him, if possible more silent than usual. It was not until his work was wellnigh completed that the other spoke.  "It’s a strange thing Belton," he said, "and you may hardly believe it, but if there were not certain reasons to prevent me from being so magnanimous I would give this matter up, and let the race be run on its merits. I don’t know that I ever took a scheme in hand with a worse grace. However, as it can’t be helped, I suppose I must go through with it. Is the van prepared?"  "It is quite ready, sir."  "All the furniture arranged as I directed?"  "It is exactly as you wished, sir. I have attended to it myself."  "And what about the man?"  "I have engaged the young fellow, sir, who assisted me before. I know he’s quick, and I can stake my life he’s trustworthy."  "I am glad to hear it. He will have need to be. Now for my arrangements. I shall make the attempt on Friday morning next, that is to say, two days from now. You and the man you have just mentioned will take the van and horses to Market Stopford, travelling by the goods train which, I have discovered, reaches the town between four and five in the morning. As soon as you are out of the station you will start straight away along the highroad towards Exbridge, reaching the village between five and six. I shall meet you in the road alongside the third milestone on the other side, made up for the part I am to play. Do you understand?"  "Perfectly, sir."  "That will do then. I shall go down to the village tomorrow evening, and you will not hear from me again until you meet me at the place I have named. Goodnight."  "Goodnight, sir."  Now, it is a wellknown fact that if you wish to excite the anger of the inhabitants of Exbridge village, and more particularly of any member of the Pitman training Establishment, you have but to ask for information concerning a certain blind beggar who put in an appearance there towards sunset on the Thursday preceding the Derby of 18, and you will do so. When that mysterious individual first came in sight he was creeping along the dusty high road that winds across the Downs from Market Stopford to Beaton Junction, dolorously quavering a ballad that was intended to be, though few would have recognized it, "The Wearing of the Green."  On reaching the stables he tapped along the wall with his stick, until he came to the gate. Then, when he was asked his business by the head lad, who had been called up by one of the stable boys he stated that he was starving, and, with peculiar arts of his own induced them to provide him with a meal. For upwards of an hour he remained talking with the lads, and then wended his way down the hill towards the village, where he further managed to induce the rector to permit him to occupy one of his outhouses for the night.  After tea he went out and sat on the green, but towards eight o’clock he crossed the stream at the ford, and made his way up to a little copse, which ornamented a slight eminence, on the opposite side of the village to that upon which the training stables were situated.  How he found his way, considering his infirmity, it is difficult to say, but that he did find it was proved by his presence there. It might also have been noticed that when he was once under cover of the bushes he gave up tapping the earth with his stick, and walked straight enough, and without apparent hesitation, to the stump of a tree upon which he seated himself.  For some time he enjoyed the beauty of the evening undisturbed by the presence of any other human being. Then he heard a step behind him and next moment a smartlooking stable lad parted the bushes and came into view.  "Hullo," said the newcomer. "So you managed to get here first?"  "So I have," said the old rascal, "and it’s wonderful when you come to think of it, considering my age and what a poor old blind chap I be. But I’m glad to find ye’ve managed to get away, my lad. Now what have ye got to say for yourself?"  "I don’t know that I’ve got anything to say," replied the boy. "But this much is certain, what you want can’t be done."  "And a fine young cockerel you are to be sure, to crow so loud that it can’t be done," said the old fellow, with an evil chuckle. "How do you know it can’t?"  "Because I don’t see my way," replied the other. "It’s too dangerous by a long sight. Why, if the guv’nor was to get wind of what you want me to do, England itself wouldn’t be big enough to hold us both. You don’t know ’im as well as I do."  "I know him well enough for all practical purposes," replied the beggar. "Now, if you’ve got any more objections to raise, be quick about it. If you haven’t, then I’ll talk to you. You haven’t? Very good then. Now, just hold your jaw, open your ears, and listen to what I’ve got to say. What time do you go to exercise tomorrow morning?"  "Nine o’clock."  "Very good then. You go down on to the Downs, and the boss sends you off with Vulcanite for a canter. What do you do? Why, you go steadily enough as long as he can see you, but directly you’re round on the other side of the hill you stick in your heels, and nip into the wood that runs along on your right hand, just as if your horse was bolting with you. Once in there, you go through for a halfamile until you come to the stream, ford that, and then cut into the next wood, riding as if the devil himself were after you, until you reach the path above Hangman’s Hollow. Do you know the place?"  "I reckon I ought to."  "Well, then, you just make tracks for it. When you get there you’ll find me waiting for you. After that I’ll take over command, and get both you and the horse out of England in such a way that nobody will ever suspect. Then there’ll be five hundred pounds for your trouble, a safe passage with the horse to South America, and another five hundred the day the nag is set ashore. There’s not as much risk as you could take between your finger and thumb, and a lad with a spirit like yours could make a fortune with a thousand pounds on the other side. What have you to say now?"  "It’s all very well," replied the lad, "but how am I to know that you’ll play straight with me?"  "What do you take me for?" said the beggar indignantly, at the same time putting his hand in his coat pocket and producing what looked like a crumpled piece of paper. "If you doubt me, there’s something that may help to convince you. But don’t go showing it around tonight, or you’ll be giving yourself away, and that’ll mean the Stone Jug for you, and ’Amen’ to all your hopes of a fortune. You’ll do as I wish now, I suppose?"  "I’ll do it," said the lad sullenly, as he crumpled the banknote up and put it in his pocket. "But now I must be off. Since there’s been this fuss about Knight of Malta, the guv’nor has us all in before eight o’clock, and keeps the horse under lock and key, with the head lad sleeping in the box with him."  "Well, goodnight to you, and don’t you forget about tomorrow morning; niggle the horse about a bit just to make him impatient like, and drop a hint that he’s a bit fresh. That will make his bolting look more feasible. Don’t leave the track while there’s any one near you, but, as soon as you do, ride like thunder to the place I told you of. I’ll see that they’re put off the scent as to the way you’ve gone."  "All right," said the lad. "I don’t like it, but I suppose I’m in too deep now to draw back. Goodnight."  "Goodnight, and good luck to you."  Once he had got rid of the youth, Carne (for it was he) returned by another route to the rector’s outbuilding, where he laid himself down on the straw, and was soon fast asleep. His slumbers lasted till nearly daybreak, when he rose and made his way across country to the small copse above Hangman’s Hollow on the road from Exbridge to Beaton Junction. Here he discovered a large van drawn up apparently laden with furniture both inside and out. The horses were feeding beneath a tree, and a couple of men were eating their breakfast beside them. On seeing Carne, the taller of the paira respectablelooking workman, with a big brown beardrose and touched his hat. The other looked with astonishment at the disreputable beggar standing before them.  "So you arrived here safely," said Carne. "If anything you’re a little before your time. Boil a cup of tea, and give me something to eat as quickly as possible, for I am nearly famished. When you have done that, get out the clothes I told you to bring with you, and let me change into them. It wouldn’t do for any of the people from the village back yonder to be able to say afterwards that they saw me talking with you in this rigout."  As soon as his hunger was appeased he disappeared into the wood, and dressed himself in his new attire. Another suit of clothes, and an apron such as might be worn by a furniture remover’s foreman, a grey wig, a short grey beard and moustache, and a bowler hat, changed his identity completely; indeed, when his rags had been hidden in the hollow of a tree it would have been a difficult matter to have traced any resemblance between the respectablelooking workman eating his breakfast and the disreputable beggar of halfanhour before.  It was close upon nine o’clock by this time, and as soon as he realized this Carne gave the order to put the horses to. This done, they turned their attention to the back of the van, and then a strange thing became apparent. Though to all appearances, viewed from the open doors at the end, the inside of this giant receptacle was filled to its utmost capacity with chests of drawers, chairs, bedsteads, carpets, and other articles of household furniture, yet by pulling a pair of handles it was possible for two men easily to withdraw what looked like half the contents of the van.  The poorest observer would then have noticed that in almost every particular these articles were dummies, affixed to a screen, capable of being removed at a moment’s notice. The remainder of the van was fitted after the fashion of a stable, with a manger at the end and a pair of slings dependent from the roof.  The nervous tension produced by the waiting soon became almost more than the men could bear. Minute after minute went slowly by, and still the eagerly expected horse did not put in an appearance. Then Belton, whom Carne had placed on the lookout, came flying towards them with the report that he could hear a sound of galloping hoofs in the wood. A few seconds later the noise could be plainly heard at the van, and almost before they had time to comment upon it, a magnificent thoroughbred, ridden by the stable boy who had talked to the blind beggar on the previous evening, dashed into view, and pulled up beside the van.  "Jump off," cried Carne, catching at the horse’s head, "and remove the saddle. Now be quick with those cloths; we must rub him down or he’ll catch cold."  When the horse was comparatively dry he was led into the van which was to be his stable for the next few hours, and, in spite of his protests, slung in such a fashion that his feet did not touch the floor. This business completed, Carne bade the frightened boy get in with him, and take care that he did not, on any account, neigh.  After that the mask of furniture was replaced, and the doors closed and locked. The men mounted to their places on the box and roof, and the van continued its journey along the highway towards the Junction. But satisfactory as their attempt had so far proved, the danger was by no means over. Scarcely had they proceeded three miles on their way before Carne distinguished the sound of hoofs upon the road behind him. A moment later a young man, mounted on a wellbred horse, came into view, rode up alongside, and signalled to the driver to stop.  "What’s the matter?" inquired the latter, as he brought his horses to a standstill. "Have we dropped anything?"  "Have you seen anything of a boy on a horse?" asked the man, who was so much out of breath that he could scarcely get his words out.  "What sort of a boy, and what sort of a horse?" asked the man on the van.  "A youngish boy," was the reply, "seven stone weight, with sandy hair, on a thoroughbred."  "No; we ain’t seen no boy with sandy ’air, ridin’ of a thoroughbred ’orse seven stone weight," said Carne. "What’s ’e been an’ done?"  "The horse has bolted with him off the Downs, back yonder," answered the man. "The guv’nor has sent us out in all directions to look for him."  "Sorry we can’t oblige you," said the driver as he prepared to start his team again. "Goodday to you."  "Much obliged," said the horseman, and, when he had turned off into a side road, the van continued its journey till it reached the railway station. A quarter of an hour later it caught the eleven o’clock goods train and set off for the small seaside town of Barworth, on the south coast, where it was shipped on board a steamer which had arrived that morning from London.  Once it was safely transferred from the railway truck to the deck, Carne was accosted by a tall, swarthy individual, who, from his importance, seemed to be both the owner and the skipper of the vessel. They went down into the saloon together, and a few moments later an observer, had one been there, might have seen a cheque for a considerable sum of money change hands.  An hour later the _Jessie Branker_ was steaming out to sea, and a militarylooking individual, not at all to be compared with the industrious mechanic who had shipped the furniture van on board the vessel bound for Spain, stood on the platform of the station waiting for the express train to London. On reaching the metropolis he discovered it surging beneath the weight of a great excitement. The streets reechoed with the raucous cries of the newsvenders:  "The Derby favorite stolenVulcanite missing from his stable!"  Next morning an advertisement appeared in every paper of consequence, offering "A reward of Five Hundred Pounds for any information that might lead to the conviction of the person or persons who on the morning of May 28th had stolen, or caused to be stolen, from the Pitman Training Stables, the Derby favorite, Vulcanite, the property of the Right Honorable the Earl of Calingforth."  The week following, Knight of Malta, owned by Simon Carne, Esq., of Dorchester House, Park Lane, won the Derby by a neck in a scene of intense excitement, the Mandarin being second, and The Filibuster third. It is a strange fact that to this day not a member of the racing world has been able to solve the mystery surrounding the disappearance of one of the greatest horses that ever set foot on an English racecourse.  Today, if Simon Carne thinks of that momentous occasion when, amid the shouting crowd of Epsom, he led his horse back a winner, he smiles softly to himself and murmurs beneath his breath:  "Valued at twenty thousand pounds, and beaten in the Derby by a furniture van."      *CHAPTER V.*   *A SERVICE TO THE STATE.*   It was the day following that upon which Simon Carne, presented by the Earl of Amberley, had made his bow before the Heir Apparent at the second levee of the season, that Klimo entered upon one of the most interesting cases which had so far come into his experience. The clock in his consultingroom had just struck one when his elderly housekeeper entered and handed him a card, bearing the name of Mrs. George Jeffreys, 14 Bellamer Street, Bloomsbury. The detective immediately bade his servant admit the visitor, and, almost before he had given the order, the lady in question stood before him.  She was young not more than twentyfour at most, a frail wisp of a girl, with light brown hair and eyes that spoke for her nationality as plain as any words. She was neatly but by no means expensively dressed, and showed evident signs of being oppressed by a weight of trouble. Klimo looked at her, and in that glance took in everything. In spite of the fact that he was reputed to possess a heart as hard as any flint, it was noticeable that his voice, when he spoke to her was not as gruff as that in which he usually addressed his visitors.  "Pray sit down," he said, "and tell me in as few words as possible what it is you desire that I should do for you. Speak as clearly as you can, and, it you want my help, don’t hesitate to tell me everything."  The girl sat down as ordered, and immediately commenced her tale.  "My name is Eileen Jeffreys," she said. "I am the wife of an English Bank Inspector, and the daughter of Septimus O’Grady, of Chicago, U.S.A."  "I shall remember," replied Klimo. "And how long have you been married?"  "Two years," answered the girl. "Two years next September. My husband and I met in America, and then came to England to settle."  "In saying goodbye to your old home, you left your father behind, I presume?"  "Yes, he preferred to remain in America."  "May I ask his profession?"  "That, I’m afraid, foolish as it may seem to say so, I cannot tell you," answered the girl, with a slightly heightened color. "His means of earning a living were always kept a secret from me."  "That was rather strange; was it not?" said Klimo. "Had he private resources?"  "None that I ever heard of," replied the girl.  "Did no business men ever come to see him?"  "But very few people came to us at all. We had scarcely any friends."  "Of what nationality were the friends who did come?"  "Mostly Irish, like ourselves," answered Mrs. Jeffreys.  "Was there ever any quarrel between your father and your husband, prior to your leaving America?"  "Never any downright quarrel," said the girl. "But I am sorry to say they were not always the best of friends. In those days my father was a very difficult man to get on with."  "Indeed?" said Klimo. "Now, perhaps you had better proceed with your story."  "To do that, I must explain that at the end of January of this present year, my father, who was then in Chicago, sent us a cablegram to say he was leaving for England that very day, and that, upon his arrival in England, if we had no objection, he would like to take up his residence with us. He was to sail from New York on the Saturday following, and, as you know, the passage takes six days or thereabouts. Arriving in England he came to London and put up at our house in Bellamer Street, Bloomsbury. That was during the first week in February last, and off and on he has been living with us ever since."  "Have you any idea what brought him to England?"  "Not the least," she answered deliberately, after a few seconds’ pause, which Klimo did not fail to notice.  "Did he do business with any one that you are aware of?"  "I cannot say. On several occasions he went away for a week at a time into the Midlands, but what took him there I have no possible idea. On the last occasion he left us on the fifteenth of last month, and returned on the ninth of this, the same day that my husband was called away to Marseilles on important banking business. It was easy to see that he was not well. He was feverish, and within a short time of my getting him to bed he began to wander in his mind, declaring over and over again that he bitterly repented some action he had taken, and that if he could once consider himself safe again would be quit of the whole thing forever.  "For close upon a fortnight I continued to nurse him, until he was so far recovered as to recognize me once more. The day that he did so I took in at the door this cablegram, from which I may perhaps date the business that has brought me to you."  She took a paper from her pocket and handed it to Klimo, who glanced at it, examined the postmark and the date, and then placed it upon the desk before him It was from Chicago, and ran as follows:   O’Grady, 14 Bellamer Street, London, England.  Why no answer? Reply chances of doing business.  NERO.   "Of course, it was impossible for me to tell what this meant. I was not in my father’s confidence, and I had no notion who his mysterious correspondent might be. But as the doctor had distinctly stated that to allow him to consider any business at all would bring on a relapse and probably kill him, I placed the message in a drawer, and determined to let it remain there until he should be well enough to attend to it without danger to himself. The week following he was not quite so well, and fortunately there was complete silence on the part of his correspondents. Then this second message arrived. As you will see it is also from Chicago and from the same person.   Reply immediately, or remember consequences. Time presses, if do not realize at present price, market will be lost. NERO.   "Following my previous line of action, I placed this communication also in the drawer, and determined to let Nero wait for a reply. By doing so, however, I was incurring greater trouble than I dreamt of. Within fortyeight hours I received the following message, and upon that I made up my mind and came off at once to you. What it means I do not know, but that it bodes some ill to my father I feel certain. I had heard of your fame, and as my husband is away from home, my father unable to protect himself, and I am without friends at all in England, I thought the wisest course I could pursue would be to consult you."  "Let me look at the last cablegram," said Klimo, putting his hand from the box, and taking the slip of paper.  The first and second message were simplicity itself; this, however, was a complete enigma. It was worded as follows:   UneasyAlphaOmegaNineteenTwelvetodayfive lacsarrangeseventyeightBrazilsonetwentynine.  NERO.   Klimo read it through, and the girl noticed that he shook his head over it.  "My dear young lady," he said, "I am afraid that it would be safer for you not to tell me any further, for I fear it is not in my power to help you."  "You will not help me now that I have told you my miserable position? Then there is nothing before me but despair. Oh, sir, is your decision quite irrevocable? You cannot think how I have counted on your assistance."  "I regret exceedingly that I am compelled to disappoint you," he answered. "But my time is more than occupied as it is, and I could not give your case my attention, even if I would."  His decision had been too much for her fortitude, and before he could prevent it, her head was down upon her hands and she had begun to weep bitterly. He attempted to comfort her, but in vain; and when she left him, tears were still coursing down her cheeks. It was not until she had been gone about ten minutes, and he had informed his housekeeper that he would see no more clients that day, that he discovered that she had left her precious cablegrams behind her.  Actuated by a feeling of curiosity, he sat down again and spread the three cablegrams out upon his writingtable. The first two, as I have said, required no consideration, they spoke for themselves, but the third baffled him completely. Who was this Septimus O’Grady who lived in Chicago, and whose associates spent their time discussing the wrongs of Ireland? How was it that, being a man innocent of private means, he engaged in no business?  Then another question called for consideration. If he had no business, what brought him to London and took him so repeatedly into the Midlands? These riddles he set aside for the present and began to pick the last cablegram to pieces. That its author was not easy in his mind when he wrote it was quite certain.  Then who and what were the Alpha and Omega mentioned? What connection had they with Nero; also what did nineteen and twelve mean when coupled with Today? Further, why should five lacs arrange seventyeight Brazils? And what possible sense could be made out of the numbers onetwentyand nine? He read the message from beginning to end again, after that from the end to the beginning, and, like a good many other men in a similar position, because he could not understand it, found himself taking a greater interest in it. This feeling had not left him when he had put off disguise as Klimo and was Simon Carne once more.  While he was eating his lunch the thought of the lonely Irishman lying ill in a house, where he was without doubt an unwelcome guest, fascinated him strangely, and when he rose from the table he found he was not able to shake off the impression it had given him. That the girl had some notion of her father’s business he felt as certain as of his own name, even though she had so strenuously denied the fact. Otherwise why should she have been so frightened by what might have been simply innocent business messages in cypher? That she was frightened was as plain as the sun then shining into his room. Despite the fact that he had resolved not to take up the case, he went into his study, and took the cablegrams from the drawer in which he had placed them. Then drawing a sheet of paper towards him, he set to work upon the puzzle.  "The first word requires no explanation," he said as he wrote it down. "For the two next, Alpha and Omega, we will, for the sake of argument, write The Beginning and The End, and as that tells us nothing, we will substitute for them The First and The Last. Now, who or what are The First and The Last? Are they the first and last words of a code, or of a word, or do they refer to two individuals who are the principal folk in some company or conspiracy? If the latter, it is just possible they are the people who are so desperately uneasy. The next two words, however, are too much for me altogether."  Uninteresting as the case appeared at first sight, he soon discovered that he could think of nothing else. He found himself puzzling over it during an afternoon concert at the Queen’s Hall, and he even thought of it while calling upon the wife of the Prime Minister afterwards. As he drove in the Park before dinner, the wheels of his carriage seemed to be saying "Alpha and Omega, nineteen, twelve" over and over again with pitiless reiteration, and by the time he reached home once more he would gladly have paid a tenpound note for a feasible solution of the enigma, if only to get its weight off his mind.  While waiting for dinner he took pen and paper and wrote the message out again, this time in halfadozen different ways. But the effect was the same, none of them afforded him any clue. He then took the second letter of each word, after that the third, then the fourth, and so on until he had exhausted them. The result in each case was absolute gibberish, and he felt that he was no nearer understanding it than when Mrs. Jeffrey’s had handed it to him nearly eight hours before.  During the night he dreamt about it, and when he woke in the morning its weight was still upon his mind. "Nineteentwelve," it is true, had left him, but he was not better off for the reason that "Seventyeight Brazils" had taken its place. When he got out of bed he tried it again. But at the end of halfanhour his patience was exhausted.  "Confound the thing," he said, as he threw the paper from him, and seated himself in a chair before his lookingglass in order that his confidential valet, Belton, might shave him. "I’ll think no more of it. Mrs. Jeffreys must solve the mystery for herself. It has worried me too much already."  He laid his head back upon the rest and allowed his valet to run the soap brush over his chin. But, however much he might desire it, his Old Man of the Sea was not to be discarded so easily; the word "Brazils" seemed to be painted in letters of fire upon the ceiling. As the razor glided over his cheek he thought of the various constructions to be placed upon the wordthe CountryStocksand even nutsBrazil nuts, Spanish nuts, Barcelona nuts, walnuts, cob nutsand then, as if to make the nightmare more complete, no less a thing than Nutall’s Dictionary. The smile the last suggestion caused him came within an ace of leaving its mark upon his cheek. He signed to the man to stay his hand.  "Egad!" he cried, "who knows but this may be the solution of the mystery? Go down to the study, Belton, and bring me Nuttall’s Dictionary."  He waited with one side of his face still soaped until his value returned, bringing with him the desired volume. Having received it he placed it upon the table and took up the telegram.  "Seventyeight Brazils," it said, "onetwentynine."  Accordingly he chose the seventieth page, and ran his fingers down the first column. The letter was B, but the eighth word proved useless. He thereupon turned to the seventyeighth page, and in the first column discovered the word _Bomb_. In a second the whole aspect of the case changed, and he became all eagerness and excitement. The last words on ’the telegram were "onetwentynine," yet it was plain that there were barely a hundred upon the page. The only explanation, therefore, was that the word "One" distinguished the column, and the "twentynine" referred to the number of the word in it.  Almost trembling with eagerness he began to count. Surely enough the twentyninth word was Bomb. The coincidence was, to say the least of it, extraordinary. But presuming that it was correct, the rest of the message was simplicity itself. He turned the telegram over, and upon the back transcribed the communication as he imagined it should be read. When he had finished, it ran as follows:  Owing to O’Grady’s silence, the Society in Chicago is growing uneasy. Two men, who are the first and last, or, in other words, the principal members, are going to do something (Nineteentwelve) today with fifty thousand somethings, so arrange about the bombs.  Having got so far, all that remained to be done was to find out to what "nineteentwelve" referred. He turned to the dictionary again, and looked for the twelfth word upon the nineteenth page. This proved to be "Alkahest," which told him nothing. So he reversed the proceedings and looked for the nineteenth word upon the twelfth page; but this proved even less satisfactory than before. However much the dictionary might have helped him hitherto, it was plainly useless now. He thought and thought, but without success. He turned up the almanac, but the dates did not fit in.  He then wrote the letters of the alphabet upon a sheet of paper, and against each placed its equivalent number. The nineteenth letter was S, the twelfth L. Did they represent two words, or were they the first and the last letters of a word? In that case, what could it be. The only three he could think of were _soil_, _sell_ and _sail_. The two first were hopeless, but the last seemed better. But how would that fit in? He took up his pen and tried it.   Owing to O’Grady’s silence, the Society in Chicago is growing uneasy. Two men, who are the first and last, or, in other words, the principal members, sail today with fifty thousand somethings, probably pounds or dollars, so prepare bombs.  NERO.   He felt convinced that he had hit it at last. Either it was a very extraordinary coincidence, or he had discovered the answer to the riddle. If this solution were correct, one thing was certain, he had got in his hands, quite by chance, a clue to one of the biggest Fenian conspiracies ever yet brought to light. He remembered that at that moment London contained half the crowned heads, or their representatives, of Europe. What better occasion could the enemies of law and order desire for striking a blow at the Government and society in general? What was he to do?  To communicate with the police and thus allow himself to be drawn into the affair, would be an act of the maddest folly; should he therefore drop the whole thing, as he had at first proposed, or should he take the matter into his own hands, help Mrs. Jeffreys in her trouble by shipping her father out of harm’s way, outwit the Fenians, and appropriate the fifty thousand pounds mentioned in the cablegram himself?  The last idea was distinctly a good one. But, before it could be done, he felt he must be certain of his facts. Was the fifty thousand referred to money or was it something else? If the former, was it pounds or was it dollars? There was a vast difference, but in either case, if only he could hit on a safe scheme, he would be well repaid for whatever risk he might run. He decided to see Mrs. Jeffreys without loss of time. Accordingly, after breakfast, he sent her a note asking her to call upon him, without fail, at twelve o’clock.  Punctuality is not generally considered a virtue possessed by the sex of which Mrs. Jeffreys was so unfortunate a member, but the clock upon Klimo’s mantelpiece had scarcely struck the hour before she put in an appearance. He immediately bade her be seated.  "Mrs. Jeffreys," he began with a severely judicial air, "it is with much regret I find that while seeking my advice yesterday you were all the time deceiving me. How was it that you failed to tell me that your father was connected with a Fenian Society whose one aim and object is to destroy law and order in this country."  The question evidently took the girl by surprise. She became deathly pale, and for a moment Klimo thought she was going to faint. With a marvelous exhibition of will, however, she pulled herself together and faced her accuser.  "You have no right to say such a thing," she began. "My father is."  "Pardon me," he answered quietly, "but I am in the possession of information which enables me to understand exactly _what_ he is. If you answer me correctly it is probable that after all I will take your case up, and will help you to save your father’s life, but if you decline to do so, ill as he is, he will be arrested within twentyfour hours, and then nothing on earth can save him from condign punishment. Which do you prefer?"  "I will tell you everything," she said quickly. "I ought to have done so at first, but you can understand why I shrank from it. My father has for a long time past been ashamed of the part he has been playing, but he could not help himself. He was too valuable to them, and they would not let him slip. They drove him on and on, and it was his remorse and anxiety that broke him down at last."  "I think you have chosen the better course in telling me this. I will ask my questions, and you can answer them. To begin with, where are the headquarters of the Society?"  "In Chicago."  "I thought as much. And is it possible for you to tell me the names of the two principal members?"  "There are many members, and I don’t know that one is greater than another."  "But there must be some who are more important than others. For instance, the pair referred to in this telegram as Alpha and Omega?"  "I can only think," she answered, after a moment’s thought, "that they must be the two men who came oftenest to our house, Messrs. Maguire and Rooney."  "Can you describe them, or, better still, have you their photographs?"  "I have a photograph of Mr. Rooney. It was taken last year."  "You must send it to me as soon as you get home," he said; "and now give me as close a description as possible of the other person to whom you refer, Mr. Maguire."  Mrs. Jeffreys considered for a few moments before she answered.  "He is tall, standing fully six feet, I should think," she said at last, "with red hair and watery blue eyes, in the left of which there is a slight cast. He is broadshouldered and, in spite of his long residence in America, speaks with a decided brogue. I know them for desperate men, and if they come over to England may God help us all. Mr. Klimo, you don’t think the police will take my father?"  "Not if you implicitly obey my instructions," he answered.  Klimo thought for a few seconds, and then continued: "If you wish me to undertake this business, which I need hardly tell you is out of my usual line, you will now go home and send me the photograph you spoke of a few moments since. After that you will take no sort of action until you hear from me again. For certain reasons of my own I shall take this matter up, and will do my utmost to save your father. One word of advice first, say nothing to anybody, but pack your father’s boxes and be prepared to get him out of England, if necessary, at a moment’s notice."  The girl rose and made as if she would leave the room, but instead of doing so she stood irresolute. For a few moments she said nothing, but fumbled with the handle of her parasol and breathed heavily. Then the pluck which had so far sustained her gave way entirely, and she fell back on her chair crying as if her heart would break. Klimo instantly left his box and went round to her. He made a figure queer enough to please any one, in his oldfashioned clothes, his skullcap, his long grey hair reaching almost to his shoulders, and with his smoked glass spectacles perched upon his nose.  "Why cry, my dear young lady?" said Klimo. "Have I not promised to do my best for you? Let us, however, understand each other thoroughly. If there is anything you are keeping back you must tell me. By not speaking out you are imperilling your own and your father’s safety."  "I know that you must think that I am endeavoring to deceive you," she said; "but I am so terribly afraid of committing myself that I hardly know what to tell and what not to tell. I have come to you, having no friends in the whole world save my husband, who is in Marseilles, and my father, who, as I have said, is lying dangerously ill in our house.  "Of course I know what my father has been. Surely you cannot suppose that a grownup girl like myself could be so dense as not to guess why few save Irishmen visited our house, and why at times there were men staying with us for weeks at a time, who lived in the back rooms and never went outside our front door, and who, when they did take their departure, sneaked out in the dead of night.  "I remember a time in the fall of the last year that I was at home, when there were more meetings than ever, and when these men, Maguire and Rooney, almost lived with us. They and my father were occupied day and night in a room at the top of the house, and then, in the January following, Maguire came to England. Three weeks later the papers were full of a terrible dynamite explosion in London, in which forty innocent people lost their lives. Mr. Klimo, you must imagine for yourself the terror and shame that seized me, particularly when I remembered that my father was a companion of the men who had been concerned in it.  "Now my father repents, and they are edging him on to some fresh outrage. I cannot tell you what it is, but I know this, that if Maguire and Rooney are coming to England, something awful is about to happen, and if they distrust him, and there is any chance of any one getting into trouble, my father will be made the scapegoat.  "To run away from them would be to court certain death. They have agents in almost every European city, and, unless we could get right away to the other side of the world, they would be certain to catch us. Besides my father is too ill to travel. The doctors say he must not be disturbed under any pretence whatever."  "Well, well!" said Klimo, "leave the matter to me, and I will see what can be done. Send me the photograph you spoke of, and let me know instantly if there are any further developments."  "Do you mean that after all I can rely upon you helping me?"  "If you are brave," he answered, "not without. Now, one last question, and then you must be off. I see in the last telegram, mention made of fifty lacs; I presume that means money?"  "A lac is their term for a thousand pounds," she answered without hesitation.  "That will do," said Klimo. "Now go home and don’t worry yourself more than you can help. Above all, don’t let any one suspect that I have any interest in the case. Upon your doing that will in a great measure depend your safety."  She promised to obey him in this particular as in the others, and then took her departure.  When Klimo had passed into the adjoining house, he bade his valet accompany him to his study.  "Belton," he said, as he seated himself in a comfortable chair before his writingtable, "I have this morning agreed to undertake what promises to be one of the most dangerous, and at the same time most interesting, cases that has yet come under my notice. A young lady, the wife of a respectable Bank Inspector, has been twice to see me lately with a very sad story. Her father, it would appear, is an Irish American, with the usual prejudice against this country. He has been for some time a member of a Fenian Society, possibly one of their most active workers. In January last the executive sent him to his country to arrange for an exhibition of their powers.  "Since arriving here the father has been seized with remorse, and the mental strain and fear thus entailed have made him seriously ill. For weeks he has been lying at death’s door in his daughter’s house. Hearing nothing from him the Society has telegraphed again and again, but without result. In consequence, two of the chief and most dangerous members are coming over here with fifty thousand pounds at their disposal, to look after their erring brother, to take over the management of affairs, and to commence the slaughter as per arrangement.  "Now as a peaceable citizen of the City of London, and a humble servant of Her Majesty the Queen, it is manifestly my duty to deliver these rascals into the hands of the police. But to do that would be to implicate the girl’s father, and to kill her husband’s faith in her family; for it must be remembered he knows nothing of the father’s Fenian tendencies. It would also mix me up in a most undesirable matter at a time when I have the best reasons for desiring to keep quiet.  "Well, the long and the short of the matter is that I have been thinking the question out, and I have arrived at the following conclusion. If I can hit upon a workable scheme I shall play policeman and public benefactor, checkmate the dynamiters, save the girl and her father, and reimburse myself to the extent of fifty thousand pounds. Fifty thousand pounds, Belton, think of that. If it hadn’t been for the money I should have had nothing at all to do with it."  "But how will you do it, sir?" asked Belton, who had learnt by experience never to be surprised at anything his master might say or do.  "Well, so far," he answered, "it seems a comparatively easy matter. I see that the last telegram was dispatched on Saturday, May 26th, and says, or purports to say, ’sail today.’ In that case, all being well, they should be in Liverpool some time tomorrow, Thursday. So we have a clear day at our disposal in which to prepare a reception for them. Tonight I am to have a photograph of one of the men in my possession, and tomorrow I shall send you to Liverpool to meet them. Once you have set eyes on them you must not lose sight of them until you have discovered where they are domiciled in London. After that I will take the matter in hand myself."  "At what hour do you wish me to start for Liverpool, sir?" asked Belton.  "First thing tomorrow morning," his master replied. "In the meantime you must, by hook or crook, obtain a police inspector’s, a sergeant’s and two constables’ uniforms with belts and helmets complete. Also I shall require three men in whom I can place absolute and implicit confidence. They must be big fellows with plenty of pluck and intelligence, and the clothes you get must fit them so that they shall not look awkward in them. They must also bring plain clothes with them, for I shall want two of them to undertake a journey to Ireland. They will each be paid a hundred pounds for the job, and to ensure their silence afterwards. Do you think you can find me the men without disclosing my connection with the matter?"  "I know exactly where to put my hand upon them, sir," remarked Belton, "and for the sum you mention it’s my belief they’d hold their tongues forever, no matter what pressure was brought to bear upon them."  "Very good. You had better communicate with them at once, and tell them to hold themselves in readiness for I may want them at any moment. On Friday night I shall probably attempt the job, and they can get back to town when and how they like.  "Very good sir. I’ll see about them this afternoon without fail."  Next morning, Belton left London for Liverpool, with the photograph of the mysterious Rooney in his pocketbook. Carne had spent the afternoon with a fashionable party at Hurlingham, and it was not until he returned to his house that he received the telegram he had instructed his valet to send him. It was short, and to the point.  Friends arrived. Reach Euston nine o’clock.  The station clocks wanted ten minutes of the hour when the hansom containing a certain asceticlooking curate drove into the yard. The clergyman paid his fare, and, having inquired the platform upon which the Liverpool express would arrive, strolled leisurely in that direction. He would have been a clever man who would have recognized in this unsophisticated individual either deformed Simon Carne of Park Lane, or the famous detective of Belverton Street.  Punctual almost to the moment the train put in an appearance and drew up beside the platform. A moment later the curate was engulfed in a sea of passengers. A bystander, had he been sufficiently observant to notice such a thing, would have been struck by the eager way in which he looked about him, and also by the way in which his manner changed directly he went forward to greet the person he was expecting. To all appearances they were both curates, but their social positions must have been widely different if their behavior to each other could have been taken as any criterion. The new arrival, having greeted his friend, turned to two gentlemen standing beside him, and after thanking them for their company during the journey, wished them a pleasant holiday in England, and bade them goodbye. Then, turning to his friend again, he led him along the platform towards the cab rank.  During the time Belton had been speaking to the two men just referred to, Carne had been studying their faces attentively. One, the taller of the pair, if his red hair and watery blue eyes went for anything, was evidently Maguire, the other was Rooney, the man of the photograph. Both were big, burly fellows, and Carne felt that if it ever came to a fight, they would be just the sort of men to offer a determined resistance.  Arm in arm the curates followed the Americans towards the cab rank. Reaching it, the latter called up a vehicle, placed the bags they carried upon the roof, and took their places inside. The driver had evidently received his instructions, for he drove off without delay. Carne at once called up another cab, into which Belton sprang without ceremony. Carne pointed to the cab just disappearing through the gates ahead.  "Keep that hansom in sight, cabby," he said: "but whatever you do don’t pass it."  "All right, sir," said the man, and immediately applied the whip to his horse.  When they turned into Seymour Street, scarcely twenty yards separated the two vehicles, and in this order they proceeded across the Euston Road, by way of Upper Woburn Place and Tavistock Square.  The cab passed through Bloomsbury Square, and turned down one of the thoroughfares leading therefrom, and made its way into a street flanked on either side by tall, gloomylooking houses. Leaning over the apron, Carne gazed up at the corner house, on which he could just see the plate setting forth the name of the street. What he saw there told him all he wanted to know.  They were in Bellamer Street, and it was plain to him that the man had determined to thrust themselves upon the hapless Mrs. Jeffreys. He immediately poked his umbrella through the shutter, and bade the cabman drive on to the next corner, and then pull up. As soon as the horse came to a standstill, Carne jumped out, and, bidding his companion drive home, crossed the street, and made his way back until he arrived at a spot exactly opposite the house entered by the two men.  His supposition that they intended to domicile themselves there was borne out by the fact that they had taken their luggage inside, and had dismissed their cab. There had been lights in two of the windows when the cab had passed, now a third was added, and this he set down as emanating from the room allotted to the new arrivals.  For upwards of an hour and a half Carne remained standing in the shadow of the opposite houses, watching the Jeffrey’s residence. The lights in the lower room had by this time disappeared and within ten minutes that on the first floor followed suit. Being convinced, in his own mind, that the inmates were safely settled for the night, he left the scene of his vigil, and, walking to the corner of the street, hailed a hansom and was driven home. On reaching No. Belverton Street, he found a letter lying on the hall table addressed to Klimo. It was in a woman’s handwriting, and it did not take him long to guess that it was from Mrs. Jeffreys. He opened it and read as follows:   "_Bellamer Street,_ "_Thursday Evening._  "DEAR MR. KLIMO,  "I am sending this to you to tell you that my worst suspicions have been realized. The two men whose coming I so dreaded, have arrived, and have taken up their abode with us. For my father’s sake I dare not turn them out, and tonight I have heard from my husband to say that he will be home on Saturday next. What is to be done? If something does not happen soon, they will commence their dastardly business in England, and then God help us all. My only hope is in Him and you.  "Yours ever gratefully,  "EILEEN JEFFREYS."   Carne folded up the letter with a grave face, and then let himself into Porchester House and went to bed to think out his plan of action. Next morning he was up betimes, and by the breakfast hour had made up his mind as to what he was going to do. He had also written and dispatched a note to the girl who was depending so much upon him. In it he told her to come and see him without fail that morning. His meal finished, he went to his dressingroom and attired himself in Klimo’s clothes, and shortly after ten o’clock entered the detective’s house. Halfanhour later Mrs. Jeffreys was ushered into his presence. As he greeted her he noticed that she looked pale and wan. It was evident she had spent a sleepless night.  "Sit down," he said, "and tell me what has happened since last I saw you."  "The most terrible thing of all has happened," she answered. "As I told you in my note, the men have reached England, and are now living in our house. You can imagine what a shock their arrival was to me. I did not know what to do. For my father’s sake I could not refuse them admittance, and yet I knew that I had no right to take them in during my husband’s absence. Be that as it may, they are there now, and tomorrow night George returns. If he discovers their identity, and suspects their errand, he will hand them over to the police without a second thought, and then we shall be disgraced forever. Oh, Mr. Klimo, you promised to help me, can you not do so? Heaven knows how badly I need your aid."  "You shall have it. Now listen to my instructions. You will go home and watch these men. During the afternoon they will probably go out, and the instant they do so, you must admit three of my servants and place them in some room where their presence will not be suspected by our enemies. A friend, who will hand you my card, will call later on, and as he will take command, you must do your best to help him in every possible way."  "You need have no fear of my not doing that," she said. "And I will be grateful to you till my dying day."  "Well, we’ll see. Now, goodbye."  After she had left him, Klimo returned to Porchester House and sent for Belton. He was out, it appeared, but within halfanhour he returned and entered his master’s presence.  "Have you discovered the bank?" asked Carne.  "Yes, sir, I have," said Belton. "But not till I was walked off my legs. The men are as suspicious as wild rabbits, and they dodged and played about so, that I began to think they’d get away from me altogether. The bank is the ’United Kingdom,’ Oxford Street branch."  "That’s right. Now what about the uniforms?"  "They’re quite ready, sir, helmets, tunics, belts and trousers complete."  "Well then, have them packed as I told you yesterday, and ready to proceed to Bellamer Street with the men, the instant we get the information that the folk we are after have stepped outside the house door."  "Very good, sir. And as to yourself?"  "I shall join you at the house at ten o’clock, or thereabouts. We must, if possible, catch them at their supper."  London was half through its pleasures that night, when a tall, militarylooking man, muffled in a large cloak, stepped into a hansom outside Porchester House, Park Lane, and drove off in the direction of Oxford Street. Though the business which was taking him out would have presented sufficient dangers to have deterred many men who consider themselves not wanting in pluck, it did not in the least oppress Simon Carne; on the contrary, it seemed to afford him no small amount of satisfaction. He whistled a tune to himself as he drove along the lamplit thoroughfares, and smiled as sweetly as a lover thinking of his mistress when he reviewed the plot he had so cunningly contrived.  He felt a glow of virtue as he remembered that he was undertaking the business in order to promote another’s happiness, but at the same time reflected that, if fate were willing to pay him fifty thousand pounds for his generosity, well, it was so much the better for him. Reaching Mudie’s Library, his coachman drove by the way of Hart Street into Bloomsbury Square, and later on turned into Bellamer Street.  At the corner he stopped his driver and gave him some instructions in a low voice. Having done so, he walked along the pavement as far as No. 14, where he came to a standstill. As on the last occasion that he had surveyed the house, there were lights in three of the windows, and from this illumination he argued that his men were at home. Without hesitation he went up the steps and rang the bell. Before he could have counted fifty it was opened by Mrs. Jeffreys herself, who looked suspiciously at the person she saw before her. It was evident that in the tall, wellmade man with irongrey moustache and dark hair, she did not recognize her elderly acquaintance, Klimo, the detective.  "Are you Mrs. Jeffreys?" asked the newcomer, in a low voice.  "I am," she answered. "Pray, what can I do for you?"  "I was told by a friend to give you this card."  He thereupon handed to her a card on which was written the one word "Klimo." She glanced at it, and, as if that magic name were sufficient to settle every doubt, beckoned to him to follow her. Having softly closed the door she led him down the passage until she arrived at a door on her right hand. This she opened and signed to him to enter. It was a room that was half office half library.  "I am to understand that you come from Mr. Klimo?" she said, trembling under the intensity of her emotion. "What am I to do?"  "First be as calm as you can. Then tell me where the men are with whom I have to deal."  "They are having their supper in the diningroom. They went out soon after luncheon, and only returned an hour ago."  "Very good. Now, if you will conduct me upstairs, I shall be glad to see if your father is well enough to sign a document I have brought with me. Nothing can be done until I have arranged that."  "If you will come with me I will take you to him. But we must go quietly, for the men are so suspicious that they send for me to know the meaning of every sound. I was dreadfully afraid your ring would bring them out into the hall."  Leading the way up the stairs she conducted him to a room on the first floor, the door of which she opened carefully. On entering, Carne found himself in a wellfurnished bedroom. A bed stood in the center of the room, and on this lay a man. In the dim light, for the gas was turned down till it showed scarcely a glimmer, he looked more like a skeleton than a human being. A long white beard lay upon the coverlet, his hair was of the same color, and the pallor of his skin more than matched both. That he was conscious was shown by the question he addressed to his daughter as they entered.  "What is it, Eileen?" he asked faintly. "Who is this gentleman, and why does he come to see me?"  "He is a friend, father," she answered. "One who has come to save us from these wicked men."  "God bless you, sir," said the invalid, and as he spoke he made as if he would shake him by the hand. Carne, however, checked him.  "Do not move or speak," he said, "but try and pull yourself together sufficiently to sign this paper."  "What is the document?"  "It is something without which I can take no sort of action. My instructions are to do nothing until you have signed it. You need not be afraid; it will not hurt you. Come, sir, there is no time to be wasted. If these rascals are to be got out of England our scheme must be carried out tonight."  "To do that I will sign anything. I trust your honor for its contents. Give me pen and ink."  His daughter supported him in her arms, while Carne dipped a pen in the bottle of ink he had brought with him and placed it in the tremulous fingers. Then, the paper being supported on a book, the old man laboriously traced his signature at the place indicated. When he had done so he fell back upon the pillow completely exhausted.  Carne blotted it carefully, then folded the paper up, placed it in his pocket and announced himself ready for the work. The clock upon the mantlepiece showed him that it was a quarter to eleven, so that if he intended to act that night he knew he must do so quickly. Bidding the invalid rest happy in the knowledge that his safety was assured, he beckoned the daughter to him.  "Go downstairs," he said in a whisper, "and make sure that the men are still in the dining room."  She did as he ordered her, and in a few moments returned with the information that they had finished their supper and had announced their intention of going to bed.  "In that case we must hurry," said Carne. "Where are my men concealed?"  "In the room at the end of that passage," was the girl’s reply.  "I will go to them. In the meantime you must return to the study downstairs, where we will join you in five minutes’ time. Just before we enter the room in which they are sitting, one of my men will ring the frontdoor bell. You must endeavor to make the fellows inside believe that you are trying to prevent us gaining admittance. We shall arrest you, and then deal with them. Do you understand?"  "Perfectly."  She slipped away, and Carne hastened to the room at the end of the passage. He scratched with his fingernail upon the door, and a second later it was opened by a sergeant of police. On stepping inside he found two constables and an inspector awaiting him. "Is all prepared, Belton?" he inquired.  "Quite prepared, sir."  "Then come along, and step as softly as you can."  As he spoke he took from his pocket a couple of papers, and led the way along the corridor and down the stairs. With infinite care they made their way along the hall until they reached the diningroom door, where Mrs. Jeffreys joined them. Then the street bell rang loudly, and the man who had opened the front door a couple of inches shut it with a bang. Without further hesitation Carne called upon the woman to stand aside, while Belton threw open the diningroom door.  "I tell you, sir, you are mistaken," cried the terrified woman.  "I am the best judge, of that," said Carne roughly, and then, turning to Belton, he added: "Let one of your men take charge of this woman."  On hearing them enter the two men they were in search of had risen from the chairs they had been occupying on either side of the fire, and stood side by side upon the hearthrug, staring at the intruders as if they did not know what to do.  "James Maguire and Patrick Wake Rooney," said Carne, approaching the two men, and presenting the papers he held in his hand, "I have here warrants, and arrest you both on a charge of being concerned in a Fenian plot against the wellbeing of Her Majesty’s Government. I should advise you to submit quietly. The house is surrounded, constables are posted at all the doors, and there is not the slightest chance of escape."  The men seemed too thunderstruck to do anything, and submitted quietly to the process of handcuffing. When they had been secured, Carne turned to the inspector and said:  "With regard to the other man who is ill upstairs, Septimus O’Grady, you had better post a man at his door."  "Very good, sir."  Then turning to Messrs. Maguire and Rooney, he said: "I am authorized by Her Majesty’s Government to offer you your choice between arrest and appearance at Bow Street, or immediate return to America. Which do you choose? I need not tell you that we have proof enough in our hands to hang the pair of you if necessary. You had better make up your minds as quickly as possible, for I have no time to waste."  The men stared at him in supreme astonishment.  "You will not prosecute us?"  "My instructions are, in the event of your choosing the latter alternative, to see that you leave the country at once. In fact, I shall conduct you to Kingstown myself tonight, and place you aboard the mailboat there."  "Well, so far as I can see, it’s Hobson’s choice," said Maguire. "I’ll pay you the compliment of saying that you’re smarter than I thought you’d be. How did you come to know we were in England?"  "Because your departure from America was cabled to us more than a week ago. You have been shadowed ever since you set foot ashore. Now passages have been booked for you on board the outgoing boat, and you will sail in her. First, however, it will be necessary for you to sign this paper, pledging yourselves never to set foot in England again."  "And supposing we do not sign it?"  "In that case I shall take you both to Bow Street forthwith, and you will come before the magistrates in the morning. You know what that will mean."  For some moments they remained silent. Then Maguire said sullenly: "Bedad, sir, since there’s nothing else for it, I consent."  "And so do I," said Rooney. "Where’s the paper?"  Carne handed them a formidablelooking document, and they read it in turn with ostentatious care. As soon as they had professed themselves willing to append their signatures to it, the sham detective took it to a writingtable at the other end of the room, and then ordered them to be unmanacled, so that they could come up in turn and sign. Had they been less agitated it is just possible they would have noticed that two sheets of blotting paper covered the context, and that only a small space on the paper, which was of a bluishgrey tint, was left uncovered.  Then placing them in charge of the police officials, Carne left the room and went upstairs to examine their baggage. Evidently he discovered there what he wanted to know, for when he returned to the room his face was radiant.  Halfanhour later they had left the house in separate cabs. Rooney was accompanied by Belton and one of his subordinates, now in plain clothes, while Carne and another took charge of Maguire. At Euston they found special carriages awaiting them, and the same procedure was adopted in Ireland. The journey to Queenstown proved entirely uneventful; not for one moment did the two men suspect the trick that was being played upon them; nevertheless, it was with illconcealed feelings of satisfaction that Carne and Belton bade them farewell upon the deck of the outwardbound steamer.  "Goodbye," said Maguire, as their captors prepared to pass over the side again. "An’ good luck to ye. I’ll wish ye that, for ye’ve treated us well, though it’s a scurvy trick ye’ve played us in turning us out of England like this. First, however, one question. What about O’Grady?"  "The same course will be pursued with him, as soon as he is able to move," answered the other. "I can’t say more."  "A word in your ear first," said Rooney. He leant towards Carne. "The girl’s a good one," he said. "An’ ye may do what ye can for her, for she knows naught of our business."  "I’ll remember that if ever the chance arises," said Carne. "Now, goodbye."  "Goodbye."  On the Wednesday morning following, an elderly gentleman, dressed in rather an antiquated fashion, but boasting an appearance of great respectability, drove up in a brougham to the branch of the United Kingdom Bank in Oxford Street, and presented a cheque for no less a sum than fortyfive thousand pounds, signed with the names of Septimus O’Grady, James Maguire, and Patrick Rooney, and bearing the date of the preceding Friday.  The cheque was in perfect order, and, in spite of the largeness of the amount, it was cashed without hesitation.  That afternoon Klimo received a visit from Mrs. Jeffreys. She came to express her gratitude for his help, and to ask the extent of her debt.  "You owe me nothing but your gratitude. I will not take a halfpenny. I am quite well enough rewarded now," said Klimo with a smile.  When she had gone he took out his pocketbook and consulted it.  "Fortyfive thousand pounds," he said with a chuckle. "Yes, that is good. I did not take her money, but I have been rewarded in another way."  Then he went into Porchester House and dressed for the Garden Party at Marlborough House, to which he had been invited.      *CHAPTER VI.*   *A VISIT IN THE NIGHT.*   One bright summer morning Simon Carne sat in his study, and reflected on the slackness of things in general. Since he had rendered such a signal service to the State, as narrated in the previous chapter, he had done comparatively nothing to raise himself in his own estimation. He was thinking in this strain when his butler entered, and announced "Kelmare Sahib." The interruption was a welcome one, and Carne rose to greet his guest with every sign of pleasure on his face.  "Goodmorning, Kelmare," he said, as he took the other’s outstretched hand; "I’m delighted to see you. How are you this morning?"  "As well as a man can hope to be under the circumstances," replied the new arrival, a somewhat _blasé_ youth, dressed in the height of fashion. "You are going to the Greenthorpe wedding, of course. I hear you have been invited."  "You are quite right; I have," said Carne, and presently produced a card from the basket, and tossed it across the table.  The other took it up with a groan.  "Yes," he said, "that’s it, by Jove! And a nicelooking document it is. Carne, did you ever hate anybody so badly that it seemed as if it would be scarcely possible to discover anything you would not do to hurt them?"  "No," answered Carne, "I cannot say that I have. Fate has always found me some way or another in which I might get even with my enemies. But you seem very vindictive in this matter. What’s the reason of it?"  "Vindictive!" said Kelmare, "of course I am; think how they have treated me. A year ago, this week, Sophie Greenthorpe and I were engaged. Old Greenthorpe had not then turned his business into a limited liability company, and my people were jolly angry with me for making such a foolish match; but I did not care. I was in love, and Sophie Greenthorpe is as pretty a girl as can be found in the length and breadth of London. But there, you’ve seen her, so you know for yourself. Well, three months later, old Greenthorpe sold his business for upwards of three million sterling. On the strength of it he went into the House, gave thirty thousand to the funds of his party, and would have received a baronetcy for his generosity, had his party not been shunted out of power.  "Inside another month all the swells had taken them up; dukes and earls were as common at the old lady’s receptions as they had been scarce before and I began to understand that, instead of being everybody to them as I had once been, the old fellow was beginning to think his daughter might have done much better than become engaged to the third son of an impecunious earl.  "Then Kilbenham came upon the scene. He’s a finelooking fellow and a marquis, but, as you know as well as I do, a real bad hat. He hasn’t a red cent in the world to bless himself with, and he wanted moneywelljust about as badly as a man _could_ want it. What’s the result? Within six weeks I am thrown over, and she has accepted Kilbenham’s offer of marriage. Society says’What a good match!’ and, as if to endorse it, you receive an invitation to the ceremony."  "Forgive me, but you are growing cynical now," said Carne, as he lit a fresh cigar.  "Haven’t I good cause to be?" asked Kelmare. "Wait till you’ve been treated as I have, and then we’ll see how you’ll feel. When I think how every man you meet speaks of Kilbenham, and of the stories that are afloat concerning him, and hear the way old Greenthorpe and his pretensions are laughed at in the clubs, and sneered at in the papers, and am told that they are receiving presents of enormous value from all sorts and conditions of people, from Royalty to the poor devils of workmen he still underpays just because Kilbenham is a marquis and she is the daughter of a millionaire, why, I can tell you it is enough to make any one cynical."  "In the main, I agree with you," said Carne. "But, as life is made up of just such contradictions, it seems to me absurd to butt your head against a stone wall, and then grumble because it hurts and you don’t make any impression on it. Do you think the presents are as wonderful as they say? I want to know, because I’ve not given mine yet. In these days one gives as others give. If they have not received anything very good, then a pair of electroplated entrée dishes will meet the case. If the reversewelldiamonds, perhaps, or an old Master that the Americans are wild to buy, and can’t."  "Who is cynical now, I should like to know?" said Kelmare. "I was told this morning that up to the present, with the superb diamonds given by the bride’s father, they have totalled a value of something like twenty thousand pounds."  "You surprise me," answered Carne.  "I am surprised myself," said Kelmare, as he rose to go. "Now, I must be off. I came in to see if you felt inclined for a week’s cruise in the Channel. Burgrave has lent me his yacht, and somehow I think a change of air will do me good."  "I am very sorry," said Carne, "but it would be quite impossible for me to get away just now. I have several important functions on hand that will keep me in town."  "I suppose this wedding is one of them?"  "To tell the honest truth, I had scarcely thought of it," replied Carne. "Must you be off? Well, then, goodbye."  When Kelmare had disappeared, Carne went back to his study, and seated himself at his writingtable. "Kelmare is a little oversensitive," he said, "and his pique is spoiling his judgment. He does not seem to realize that he has come very well out of a jolly bad business. I am not certain which I pity mostMiss Greenthorpe, who is a heartless little hussy, or the Marquis of Kilbenham who is a thoroughpaced scoundrel. The wedding, however, promises to be a fashionable one, and"  He stopped midway, rose, and stood against the mantelpiece, staring into the empty fireplace. Presently he flipped the ash of his cigar, and turned round. "It never struck me in that light before," he said, as he pressed the button of the electric bell in the wall beside him. When it was answered, he ordered his carriage, and a quarter of an hour later was rolling down Regent Street.  Reaching a wellknown jeweler’s shop, he pulled the check string, and, the door having been opened, descended, and went inside. It was not the first time he had had dealings with the firm, and as soon as he was recognized the proprietor hastened forward himself to wait upon him.  "I want a nice wedding present for a young lady," he said, when the other had asked what he could have the pleasure of showing him. "Diamonds, I think, for preference."  A tray containing hairpins, brooches, rings, and aigrettes set with stones was put before him, but Carne was not satisfied. He wanted something better, he saidsomething a little more imposing. When he left the shop a quarter of an hour later he had chosen a diamond bracelet, for which he had paid the sum of one thousand pounds.  As Carne rolled down the street, he took the bracelet from its case and glanced at it. He had long since made up his mind as to his line of action, and having done so, was now prepared to start business without delay. On leaving the shop, he had ordered his coachman to drive home; but on second thoughts he changed his mind, and, once more pulling the check string, substituted Berkeley Square for Park Lane.  "I must be thoroughly convinced in my own mind," he said "before I do anything, and the only way to do that will be to see old Greenthorpe himself without delay. I think I have a good and sufficient excuse in my pocket. At any rate, I’ll try it."  On reaching the residence in question, he instructed his footman to inquire whether Mr. Greenthorpe was at home, and if so, if he would see him. An answer in the affirmative was soon forthcoming, and a moment later Carne and Greenthorpe were greeting each other in the library.  "Delighted to see you, my dear sir," the latter said as he shook his guest warmly by the hand, at the same time hoping that old Sir Mowbray Mowbray next door, who was a gentleman of the old school, and looked down on the plutocracy, could see and recognize the magnificent equipage standing before his house. "This is most kind of you, and indeed I take it as most friendly too."  Carne’s face was as smiling and fascinating as it was wont to be, but an acute observer might have read in the curves of his lips a little of the contempt he felt for the man before him. Matthew Greenthorpe’s face and figure betrayed his origin as plainly as any words could have done. If this had not been sufficient, his dress and the profusion of jewelryprincipally diamondsthat decked his person would have told the tale. In appearance he was short, stout, very red about the face, and made up what he lacked in breeding by an effusive familiarity that sometimes bordered on the offensive.  "I am afraid," said Carne, when his host had finished speaking, "that I ought to be ashamed of myself for intruding on you at such an early hour. I wanted, however, to thank you personally for the kind invitation you have sent me to be present at your daughter’s wedding."  "I trust you will be able to come," replied Mr. Greenthorpe a little anxiously, for he was eager that the world should know that he and the now famous Simon Carne were on familiar terms.  "That is exactly what has brought me to see you," said Carne. "I regret to say I hardly know yet whether I shall be able to give myself that pleasure or not. An important complication has arisen in connection with some property in which I am interested, and it is just possible that I shall be called to the Continent within the next few days. My object in calling upon you this morning was to ask you to permit me to withhold my answer until I am at liberty to speak more definitely as to my arrangements."  "By all means, by all means," answered his host, placing himself with legs wide apart upon the hearthrug, and rattling the money in his trouser pockets. "Take just as long as you like so long as you don’t say you can’t come. Me and the missushem!I mean Mrs. Greenthorpe and Iare looking forward to the pleasure of your society, and I can tell you we sha’n’t think our company complete if we don’t have you with us."  "I am extremely flattered," said Carne sweetly, "and you may be sure it will not be my fault if I am not among your guests."  "Hear, hear, to that, sir," replied the old gentleman. "We shall be a merry party, and, I trust, a distinguished one. We _did_ hope to have had Royalty present among us, but, unfortunately, there were special reasons, that I am hardly privileged to mention, which prevented it. However, the Duke of Rugby and his Duchess, the father and mother of my future soninlaw, you know, are coming; the Earl of Boxmoor and his countess have accepted; Lord Southam and his lady, halfadozen baronets or so, and as many Members of Parliament and their wives as you can count on one hand. There’ll be a ball the night before, given by the Mayor at the Assembly Rooms, a dinner to the tenants at the conclusion of the ceremony, and a ball in my own house after the young couple have gone away. You may take it from me, my dear sir, that nothing on a similar scale has even been seen at Market Stopford before."  "I can quite believe it," said Carne. "It will mark an epoch in the history of the country."  "It will do more than that, sir. The festivities alone will cost me a cool five thousand pounds. At first _I_ was all for having it in town, but I was persuaded out of it. After all, a country house is better suited to such jinks. And we mean to do it well."  He took Carne familiarly by the button of his coat, and, sinking his voice to an impressive whisper, asked him to hazard a guess how much the whole affair, presents and all, would cost.  Carne shook his head. "I have not the very remotest notion," he said. "But if you wish me to guess, I will put it at fifty thousand pounds."  "Not enough by half, sirnot enough by half. Why, I’ll let you into a secret that even my wife knows nothing about."  As he spoke, he crossed the room to a large safe in the wall. This he unlocked and having done so took from it an oblong box, wrapped in tissue paper. This he placed on the table in the center of the room, and then, having looked out into the hall to make sure that no one was about, shut and locked the door. Then, turning to Carne, he said:  "I don’t know what you may think, sir, but there are some people I know as try to insinuate that if you have money you can’t have taste. Now, I’ve got the money"here he threw back his shoulders, and tapped himself proudly on the chest"and I’m going to convince you, sir, that I’ve got as pretty an idea of taste as any man could wish to have. This box will prove it."  So saying he unwrapped the tissue paper, and displayed to Carne’s astonished gaze a large gilded casket, richly chased, standing upon four massive feet.  "There, sir, you see," he said, "an artistic bit of workmanship, and I’ll ask you to guess what it’s for."  Carne, however, shook his head. "I’m afraid I’m but a poor hand at guessing, but, if I must venture an opinion, I should say a jewel case."  Thereupon Mr. Greenthorpe lifted the lid.  "And you would be wrong, sir. I will tell you what it is for. That box has been constructed to contain exactly fifty thousand sovereigns and on her wedding day it will be filled, and presented to the bride, as a token of her father’s affection. Now, if that isn’t in good taste, I shall have to ask you to tell me what is."  "I am astonished at your munificence," said Carne. "To be perfectly candid with you, I don’t know that I have ever heard of such a present before."  "I thought you’d say so. I said to myself when I ordered that box, ’Mr. Carne is the best judge of what is artistic in England, and I’ll take his opinion about it.’"  "I suppose your daughter has received some valuable presents?"  "Valuable, sir? Why, that’s no name for it. I should put down what has come in up to the present at, not a penny under twenty thousand pounds. Why, you may not believe it, sir, but Mrs. Greenthorpe has presented the young couple with a complete toiletset of solid gold. I doubt if such another has been seen in this country before."  "I should say it would be worth a burglar’s while to pay a visit to your house on the wedding day," said Carne with a smile.  "He wouldn’t get much for his pains," said the old gentleman warmly. "I have already provided for that contingency. The billiardroom will be used as a treasurechamber for the time being, as there is a big safe like that over yonder in the wall. This week bars are being placed on all the windows, and on the night preceding, and also on the wedding day, one of my gardeners will keep watch in the room itself, while one of the village policemen will mount guard at the door in the passage. Between them they ought to be sufficient to keep out any burglars who may wish to try their hands upon the presents. What do you think?"  At that moment the handle of the door turned, and an instant later the brideelect entered the room. On seeing Simon Carne she paused upon the threshold with a gesture of embarrassment, and made as if she would retreat. Carne, however, was too quick for her. He advanced and held out his hand.  "How do you do, Miss Greenthorpe," he said, looking her steadily in the face. "You father has just been telling me of the many beautiful presents you have received. I am sure I congratulate you most heartily. With your permission I will add my mite to the list. Such as it is, I would beg your acceptance of it."  So saying, he took from his pocket the case containing the bracelet he had that morning purchased. Unfastening it, he withdrew the circlet and clasped it upon her wrist. So great was her surprise and delight that for some moments she was at a loss how to express her thanks. When she recovered her presence of mind and her speech, she attempted to do so, but Carne stopped her.  "You must not thank me too much," he said, "or I shall begin to think I have done a meritorious action. I trust Lord Kilbenham is well?"  "He was very well when I last saw him," answered the girl after a momentary pause, which Carne noticed, "but he is so busy just now that we see very little of each other. Goodbye."  All the way home Simon Carne sat wrapped in a brown study. On reaching his residence he went straight to his study, and to his writingdesk, where he engaged himself for some minutes jotting down certain memoranda on a sheet of notepaper. When he had finished he rang the bell and ordered that Belton, his valet, should be sent to him.  "Belton," he said, when the person he wanted had arrived in answer to the summons, "on Thursday next I shall go down to Market Stopford to attend the wedding of the Marquis of Kilbenham with Miss Greenthorpe. You will, of course, accompany me. In the meantime" (here he handed him the sheet of paper upon which he had been writing) "I want you to attend to these few details. Some of these articles, I’m afraid, you will find rather difficult to obtain, but at any cost I must have them to take down to the country with me."  Belton took the paper and left the room with it, and for the time being Carne dismissed the matter from his mind. The sun was in the act of setting on the day immediately preceding the wedding when Simon Carne and his faithful valet reached the wayside station of Market Stopford. As the train came to a standstill, a footman wearing the Greenthorpe livery opened the door of the reserved carriage and informed his master’s guest that a brougham was waiting outside the station to convey him to his destination. Belton was to follow with the luggage in the servants’ omnibus.  On arrival at Greenthorpe Park, Simon Carne was received by his host and hostess in the hall, the rearmost portion of which was furnished as a smokingroom. Judging from the number of guests passing, repassing, and lolling about in the easy chairs, most of the company invited had already arrived. When he had greeted those with whom he was familiar, and had taken a cup of tea from the hands of the brideelect, who was dispensing it at a small table near the great oak fireplace, he set himself to be agreeable to those about him for the space of a quarter of an hour, after which he was escorted to his bedroom, a pretty room situated in the main portion of the building at the head of the grand staircase. He found Belton awaiting him there. His luggage had been unpacked, and a glance at his watch told him that it would be necessary for him to prepare for dinner.  "Well, Belton," he said, as he threw himself into a chair beside the window that looked out over the rose garden, "here we are, and the next question is, how are we going to succeed?"  "I have never known you to fail yet, sir," replied the deferential valet, "and I don’t suppose you’ll do so on this occasion."  "You flatter me, Belton, but I will not be so falsely modest as to say that your praise is altogether undeserved. This, however, is a case of more than usual delicacy and danger, and it will be necessary for us to play our cards with considerable care. When I have examined this house I shall elaborate my plans more fully. We have none too much time, for the attempt must be made tomorrow night. You have brought down with you the things I mentioned on that list, I suppose?"  "They are in these chests, sir," said Belton. "They make a precious heavy load, and once or twice I was fearful lest they might arouse suspicion."  "You need have no fear, my good Belton," said Carne. "I have a very plausible excuse to account for their presence here. Everyone by this time knows that I am a great student, and also that I never travel without at least two cases of books. It is looked upon as a harmless fad. Here is my key. Open the box standing nearest to you."  Belton did as he was commanded, when it was seen that it was filled to its utmost holding capacity with books.  "No one would think," said Carne, with a smile at the astonishment depicted on the other’s face, "that there are only two layers of volumes there, would they? If you lift out the tray upon which they rest, you will discover that the balance of the box is now occupied by the things you placed in it. Unknown to you, I had the trays fitted after you had packed the others. There is nothing like being prepared for all emergencies. Now pay attention to what I am about to say to you. I have learned that the wedding presents, including the fifty thousand sovereigns presented by Mr. Greenthorpe to his daughter in that absurd casket, of which I spoke to you, will be on view tomorrow afternoon in the billiardroom; tonight, and tomorrow before the ball commences, they will be placed in the safe. One of Mr. Greenthorpe’s most trusted servants will keep watch over them in the room, while a constable will be on duty in the lobby outside. Bars have been placed on all windows, and, as I understand, the village police will patrol the building at intervals during the night. The problem of how we are to get hold of them would seem rather a hard nut to crack, would it not?"  "I must confess I don’t see how you are going to do it at all, sir," said Belton.  "Well, we’ll see. I have a plan in my head now, but before I can adopt it I must make a few inquiries. I believe there is a staircase leading from the end of this corridor down to the lobby outside the billiard and smokingrooms. If this is so, we shall have to make use of it. It must be your business to discover at what time the custodians of the treasure have their last meal. When you have found that out let me know. Now you had better get me ready for dinner as soon as possible."  When Carne retired to rest that evening, his inimitable valet was in a position to report that the sentries were already installed, and that their supper had been taken to them, by Mr. Greenthorpe’s orders, at ten o’clock precisely, by one of the underfootmen, who had been instructed to look after them.  "Very good," said Carne; "I think I see my way now. I’ll sleep on my scheme and let you know what decision I have come to in the morning. If we pull this little business off successfully, there will be ten thousand pounds for you to pay into your credit, my friend."  Belton bowed and thanked his master without a sign of emotion upon his face. After which Simon Carne went to bed.  When he was called next morning, he discovered a perfect summer day. Brilliant sunshine streamed in at the windows, and the songs of the birds came Iron the trees outside.  "An excellent augury," he said to himself as he jumped out of bed and donned the heavy dressinggown his valet held open for him. "Miss Greenthorpe, my compliments to you. My lord marquis is not the only man upon whom you are conferring happiness today."  His good humor did not leave him, for when he descended to the breakfastroom an hour later his face was radiant with smiles, and every one admitted that it would be impossible to meet a more charming companion.  During the morning he was occupied in the library, writing letters.  At one he lunched with his fellowguests, none of the family being present, and at halfpast went off to dress for the wedding ceremony. This important business completed, a move was made for the church; and in something less than a quarter of an hour the nuptial knot was tied, and Miss Sophie Greenthorpe, only daughter of Matthew Greenthorpe, erstwhile grocer and provision merchant of Little Bexter Street, Tottenham Court Road, left the building, on her husband’s arm, Marchioness of Kilbenham and future Duchess of Rugby.  Simon Carne and his fellowguests followed in her wake down the aisle, and, having entered their carriages, returned to the Park.  The ball that evening was an acknowledged success, but, though he was an excellent dancer, and had his choice of the prettiest women in the room, Carne was evidently ill at ease. The number of times he stealthily examined his watch said this as plainly as any words. As a matter of fact, the last guest had scarcely arrived before he left the ballroom, and passed down the lobby towards the back staircase, stopping _en route_ to glance at the billiardroom door.  As he expected, it was closed, and a stalwart provincial policeman stood on guard before it.  He made a jocular reference about the treasure the constable was guarding, and, with a laugh at himself for forgetting the way to his bedroom, retraced his steps to the stairs, up which he passed to his own apartment. Belton was awaiting him there.  "It is ten minutes to ten, Belton," he said abruptly. "It must be now or never. Go down to the kitchen, and hang about there until the tray upon which the suppers of the guard are placed is prepared. When the footman starts with it for the Billiardroom, accompany him, and as he opens the green baize door leading into the house, manage by hook or crook, to hold him in conversation. Say something, and interrupt yourself by a severe fit of coughing. That will give me my cue. If anything should happen to me as I come downstairs, be sure that the man puts his tray down on the slab at the foot of the stairs and renders me assistance. I will manage the rest. Now be off."  Belton bowed respectfully and left the room. As he did so, Carne crossed to the dressingtable, and unlocked a small case standing upon it. From this he took a tiny silverstoppered scent bottle, containing, perhaps, half an ounce of white powder. This he slipped into his waistcoat pocket, and then made for the door.  On the top of the back staircase he paused for a few moments to listen. He heard the spring of the green baize door in the passage below creak as it was pushed open. Next moment he distinguished Belton’s voice. "It’s true as I’m standing here," he was saying. "As I went up the stairs with the governor’s hot water there she was coming along the passage. I stood back to let her pass, and as I did she" (Here the narrative was interrupted by a violent fit of coughing.) On hearing this Carne descended the stairs, and, when he had got halfway down, saw the footman and his valet coming along the passage below. At the same instant he must have caught his foot in the stair carpet, for he tripped and fell headlong to the bottom.  "Heavens live!" cried Belton. "I do believe that’s my governor, and he’s killed." At the same time he ran forward to the injured man’s assistance.  Carne lay at the foot of the stairs just as he had fallen, his head thrown back, his eyes shut, and his body curled up and motionless. Belton turned to the footman, who still stood holding the tray where he had stopped on seeing the accident, and said: "Put down those things and go and find Mr. Greenthorpe as quickly as you can. Tell him Mr. Carne has fallen downstairs, and I’m afraid is seriously injured."  The footman immediately disappeared. His back was scarcely turned, however, before Carne was on his feet.  "Excellent, my dear Belton," he whispered; and, as he spoke, he slipped his fingers into his waistcoat pocket. "Hand me up that tray, but be quiet, or the policeman round the corner will hear you."  Belton did as he was ordered, and Carne thereupon sprinkled upon the suppers provided for the two men some of the white powder from the bottle he had taken from his dressingcase. This done, he resumed his place at the foot of the stairs, while Belton, kneeling over him and supporting his head, waited for assistance. Very few minutes elapsed before Mr. Greenthorpe, with his scared face, appeared upon the scene. At his direction Belton and the footman carried the unconscious gentleman to his bedroom, and placed him upon his bed. Restoratives were administered and in something under ten minutes the injured man once more opened his eyes.  "What is the matter?" he asked feebly. "What has happened?"  "You have met with a slight accident, my dear sir," said the old gentleman, "but you are better now. You fell downstairs."  As if he scarcely comprehended what was said, Carne feebly repeated the last sentence after his host, and then closed his eyes again. When he opened them once more, it was to beg Mr. Greenthorpe to leave him and return to his guests downstairs. After a small amount of pressing, the latter consented to do so, and retired, taking the footman with him. The first use Carne made of their departure was to turn to Belton.  "The powder will take effect in five hours," he said. "See that you have all the things prepared."  "They are quite ready," replied Belton. "I arranged them this evening."  "Very good," said Carne. "Now, I am going to sleep in real earnest."  So saying, he closed his eyes, and resigned himself to slumber as composedly as if nothing out of the common had occurred. The clock on the stables had struck three when he woke again. Belton was still sleeping peacefully, and it was not until he had been repeatedly shaken that he became conscious that it was time to get up.  "Wake up," said Carne; "it is three o’clock, and time for us to be about our business. Unlock that box, and get out the things."  Belton did as he was ordered, placing the packets as he took them from the case in small Gladstone bags. Having done this, he went to one of his master’s trunks, and took from it two suits of clothes, a pair of wigs, two excellently contrived false beards, and a couple of soft felt hats. These he placed upon the bed. Ten minutes later he had assisted his master to change into one of the suits, and when this was done waited for further instructions.  "Before you dress, take a tumbler from that table, and go downstairs. If you should meet anyone, say that you are going to the butler’s pantry in search of filtered water, as you have used all the drinking water in this room. The ball should be over by this time, and the guests in bed halfanhour ago. Ascertain if this is the case, and as you return glance at the policeman on duty outside the billiardroom door. Let me know his condition."  "Very good, sir," said Belton; and, taking a tumbler from the table in question, he left the room. In less than five minutes he had returned to report that, with the exception of the corridor outside the billiardroom, the house was in darkness.  "And how is the guardian of the door?" Carne inquired.  "Fast asleep," said Belton, "and snoring like a pig, sir."  "That is right," said Carne. "The man inside should be the same, or that powder has failed me for the first time in my experience. We’ll give them halfanhour longer, however, and then get to work. You had better dress yourself."  While Belton was making himself up to resemble his master, Carne sat in an easy chair by his dressingtable, reading Ruskin’s _Stones of Venice_. It was one of the most important of his many peculiarities that he could withdraw his thoughts from any subject, however much it might hitherto have engrossed him, and fasten them upon another, without once allowing them to wander back to their original channel. As the stable clock chimed the halfhour, he put the book aside, and sprang to his feet.  "If you’re ready, Belton," he said, "switch off the electric light and open that door."  When this had been done he bade his valet wait in the bedroom while he crept down the stairs on tiptoe. On turning into the billiardroom lobby, he discovered the rural policeman propped up in the corner fast asleep. His heavy breathing echoed down the corridors, and one moment’s inspection showed Carne that from him he had nothing to fear. Unlocking the door with a key which he took from his pocket, he entered the room, to find the gardener, like the policeman, fast asleep in an armchair by the window. He crossed to him, and, after a careful examination of his breathing, lifted one of his eyelids.  "Excellent," he said. "Nothing could be better. Now, when Belton comes, we shall be ready for business."  So saying he left the room again, and went softly up the stairs to find his valet. The latter was awaiting him, and, before a witness, had there been one, could have counted twenty, they were standing in the billiardroom together. It was a large apartment, luxuriously furnished, with a bow window at one end and an alcove, surrounded with seats, at the other. In this alcove, cleverly hidden by the wainscoting, as Mr. Greenthorpe had once been at some pains to point out to Simon Carne, there existed a large iron safe of the latest burglarproof pattern.  The secret was an ingenious one, and would have baffled any ordinary craftsman. Carne, however, as has already been explained, was far from being a commonplace member of his profession. Turning to Belton, he said, "Give me the tools." These being forthcoming, in something less than ten minutes he had picked the lock and was master of the safe’s contents.  When these, including the fifty thousand sovereigns, had been safely carried upstairs and stowed away in the portmanteaux and chests, and the safe had been filled with the spurious jewelry he had brought with him for that purpose, he signed to Belton to bring him a long pair of steps which stood in a corner of the room, and which had been used for securing the skylight above the billiardtable. These he placed in such a position as would enable him to reach the window.  With a diamondpointed instrument, and a hand as true as the eye that guided it, he quickly extracted a square of colored glass, filed through the catch, and was soon standing on the leads outside. A few moments later, the ladder, which had already rendered him such signal service, had enabled him to descend into the garden on the other side.  There he arranged a succession of footsteps in the soft mould, and having done so, returned to the roof, carefully wiped the end of the ladder, so that it should not betray him, and climbed down into the room below, pulling it after him.  "I think we have finished now," he said to Belton, as he took a last look at the recumbent guardians of the room. "These gentlemen sleep soundly, so we will not disturb them further. Come, let us retire to bed."  In less than halfanhour he was in bed and fast asleep. Next morning he was still confined to his room by his accident, though he expressed himself as suffering but slight pain. Every one was quick to sympathize with him, and numerous messages were conveyed to him expressive of sorrow that he should have met with his accident at such a time of general rejoicing. At ten o’clock the first batch of guests took their departure. It was arranged that the Duke and Duchess of Rugby, the Earl and Countess of Raxter, and Simon Carne, who was to be carried downstairs, should travel up to town together by the special train leaving immediately after lunch.  When they bade their host goodbye, the later was nearly overcome.  "I’m sure it has been a real downright pleasure to me to entertain you, Mr. Carne," he said, as he stood by the carriage door and shook his guest warmly by the hand. "There is only one thing bad about it, and that is your accident."  "You must not speak of that," said Carne, with a little wave of his hand. "The pleasure I have derived from my visit to you amply compensates me for such a minor inconvenience."  So saying he shook hands and drove away to catch his train.  Next morning it was announced in all the Society papers that, owing to an unfortunate accident he had sustained while visiting Mr. Matthew Greenthorpe, at Greenthorpe Park, on the occasion of his daughter’s marriage, Mr. Simon Carne would be unable to fulfill any of the engagements he might have entered into.  Any intelligent reader of the aforesaid papers might have been excused had he pictured the gentleman in question confined to his bed tended by skilled nurses, and watched over by the most fashionable West End physicians obtainable for love or money. They would doubtless, therefore, have been surprised could they have seen him at a late hour on the following evening hard at work in the laboratory he had constructed at the top of his house, as hale and hearty a man as any to be found in the great Metropolis.  "Now those Apostle spoons," he was saying, as he turned from the crucible at which he was engaged to Belton, who was busy at a side table. "The diamonds are safely disposed of, their settings are melted down, and, when these spoons have been added to the list, he will be a wise man who can find in my possession any trace of the famous KilbenhamGreenthorpe wedding presents."  He was sitting before the fire in his study next morning, with his left foot lying bound up upon a neighboring chair, when Ram Gafur announced "Kelmare Sahib."  "So sorry to hear that you are under the weather Carne," said the newcomer as he shook hands. "I only heard of your accident from Baxter last night or I should have been round before. Beastly hard luck, but you shouldn’t have gone to the wedding, you know!"  "And, pray, why not?"  "You see for yourself you haven’t profited by your visit, have you?"  "That all depends upon what you consider profit," replied Carne. "I was an actor in an interesting Society spectacle. I was permitted an opportunity of observing my fellowcreatures in many new lights. Personally, I think I did very well. Besides that, to be laid up just now is not altogether a thing to be despised, as you seem to imagine."  "What do you mean?"  "It isn’t everybody who can boast such a valid excuse for declining invitations as I now possess," said Carne. "When I tell you that I had a dinner, a lecture at the Imperial institute, two ’at homes,’ and three dances on my list for tonight, you will understand what I mean. Now I am able to decline every one of them without risk of giving offense or fear of hurting the susceptibilities of any one. If you don’t call that luck, I do. And now tell me what has brought you here, for I suppose you have some reason, other than friendship, for this early call. When you came in I observed that you were bursting with importance. You are not going to tell me that you have abandoned your yachting trip and are going to get married?"  "You need have no fear on that score. All the same, I have the greatest and most glorious news for you. It isn’t every day a man finds Providence taking up his case and entering into judgment against his enemies for him. That is my position. Haven’t you heard the news?"  "What news?" asked Carne innocently.  "The greatest of all possible news," answered Kelmare, "and one which concerns you, my dear fellow. You may not believe it, but it was discovered last evening that the KilbenhamGreenthorpe wedding presents have all been stolen, including the fifty thousand sovereigns presented to the bride in the now famous jeweled casket. What do you think of that?"  "Surely you must be joking," said Carrie incredulously. "I cannot believe it."  "Nevertheless it’s a fact," replied Kelmare.  "But when did it happen? and how did they discover it?" asked Carne.  "When it took place nobody can tell, but they discovered it when they came to put the presents together after the guests had departed. On the morning after the wedding old Greenthorpe had visited the safe himself, and glanced casually at its contents, just to see that they were all right, you know; but it was not until the afternoon, when they began to do them up, that they discovered that every single article of value the place contained had been abstracted, and dummies substituted. Their investigation proved that the skylight had been tampered with, and one could see unmistakable footmarks on the flower beds outside."  "Good gracious!" said Carne. "This is news indeed. What a haul the thieves must have had, to be sure. I can scarcely believe it even now. But I thought they had a gardener in the room, a policeman at the door, and a patrol outside, and that old Greenthorpe went to sleep with the keys of the room and safe under his pillow?"  "Quite right," said Kelmare, "so he did; that’s the mysterious part of it. The two chaps swear positively that they were wide awake all night, and that nothing was tampered with while they were there. Who the thieves were, and how they became so familiar with the place are riddles that it would puzzle the Sphinx, or your friend Klimo next door, to unravel."  "What an unfortunate thing," said Carne. "It’s to be hoped the police will catch them before they have time to dispose of their booty."  "You are thinking of your bracelet, I suppose?"  "It may seem egotistical, but I must confess I was; and now I suppose you’ll stay to lunch?"  "I’m afraid that’s impossible. There are at least five families who have not heard the news, and I feel that it is my bounden duty to enlighten them."  "You’re quite right, it is not often a man has such glorious vengeance to chronicle. It behooves you to make the most of it."  The other looked at Carne as if to discover whether or not he was laughing at him. Carne’s face, however, was quite expressionless.  "Goodbye; I suppose you won’t be at the Wilbringham’s tonight?"  "I’m afraid not. You evidently forget that, as I said just now, I have a very good and sufficient excuse."  When the front door had closed behind his guest, Carne lit a third cigar.  "I’m overstepping my allowance," he said reflectively, as he watched the smoke circle upward, "but it isn’t every day a man gives a thousand pounds for a wedding present and gets upwards of seventy thousand back. I think I may congratulate myself on having brought off a very successful little speculation."      *CHAPTER VII.*   *THE MAN OF MANY CRIMES.*   If one consults a dictionary one finds that the word dipsomaniac means a man who spends his life continually desiring alcoholic liquor; a name that properly classifies it has not yet been invented for the individual who exhibits a perpetual craving for notoriety, and yet one is, perhaps, as much a nuisance to society as the other. After his run of success there came a time when Simon Carne, like Alexander the Great, could have sat down and wept, for the reason that he had no more worlds to conquer. For the moment it seemed as if he had exhausted, to put it plainly, every species of artistic villainy.  He had won the Derby, under peculiar circumstances, as narrated elsewhere; he had rendered a signal though an unostentatious service to the State; he had stolen, under enormous difficulty, the most famous family jewels in Europe; and he had relieved the most fashionable bride and bridegroom of the season of the valuable presents that their friends and relations had lavished on them.  On a morning following a banquet at the Mansion House, at which he had been a welcome, as well as a conspicuous guest, he was sitting alone in his study smoking a meditative cigar. Though the world would scarcely have thought it, a fashionable life did not suit him, and he was beginning to wonder whether he was not, after all, a little tired of England. He was hungering for the warmth and color of the East, and, perhaps, if the truth must be told, for something of the rest he had known in the Maharajah of Kadir’s lake palace, where he had been domiciled when he had first made the acquaintance of the man who had been his sponsor in English society, the Earl of Amberley.  It was a strange coincidence that, while he was thinking of that nobleman, and of the events which had followed the introduction just referred to, his quick ears should have caught the sound of a bell that was destined eventually to lead him up to one of the most sensational adventures of all his sensational career. A moment later his butler entered to inform him that Lady Caroline Weltershall and the Earl of Amberley had called, and would like to see him. Tossing his cigar into the grate, he passed through the door Ram Gafur held open for him, and, having crossed the hall, entered the drawingroom.  As he went he wondered what it was that had brought them to see him at such an early hour. Both were among his more intimate acquaintances and both occupied distinguished positions in the social life of the world’s great metropolis. While her friends and relations spent their time in search of amusement, and a seemingly eternal round of gaieties, which involved a waste of both health and money, Lady Caroline, who was the ugly duckling of an otherwise singularly handsome family, put her life to a different use.  Philanthropy was her hobby, and scarcely a day passed in which she did not speak at some meeting, preside over some committee, or endeavor in some way, as she somewhat grandiloquently put it: "To better the lives and ameliorate the conditions of our less fortunate fellowcreatures." In appearance she was a short, fair woman, of about fortyfive years of age, with a not unhandsome face, the effect of which, however, was completely spoilt by two large and protruding teeth.  "My dear Lady Caroline, this is indeed kind of you," said Carne, as he shook hands with her, "and also of you, Lord Amberley. To what happy circumstance may I attribute the pleasure of this visit?"  "I fear it is dreadfully early for us to come to see you," replied her ladyship, "but Lord Amberley assured me that as our business is so pressing you would forgive us."  "Pray do not apologize," returned Carne. "It gives me the greatest possible pleasure to see you. As for the hour, I am ashamed to confess that, while the morning is no longer young, I have only just finished breakfast. But won’t you sit down?"  They seated themselves once more, and when they had done so, Lady Caroline unfolded her tale.  "As you are perhaps aware, my friends say that I never come to see them unless it is to attempt to extort money from them for some charitable purpose," she said. "No, you need not prepare to button up your pockets, Mr. Carne. I am not going to ask you for anything today. What I _do_ want, however, is to endeavor to persuade you to help us in a movement we are inaugurating to raise money with which to relieve the great distress in the Canary Islands, brought about by the late disastrous earthquake. My cousin, the Marquis of Laverstock, has kindly promised to act as president, and, although we started it but yesterday, ten thousand pounds have already been subscribed. As you are aware, however, if we are to attract public attention and support, the funds raised must be representative of all classes. Our intention, therefore, is to hold a drawingroom meeting at my house tomorrow afternoon, when a number of the most prominent people of the day will be invited to give us their views upon the subject.  "I feel sure, if you will only consent to throw in your lot with us, and to assist in carrying out what we have in view, we shall be able to raise a sum of at least one hundred thousand pounds for the benefit of the sufferers. Our kind friend here, Lord Amberley, has promised to act as secretary, and his efforts will be invaluable to us. Royalty has signified its gracious approval, and it is expected will head the list with a handsome donation. Every class will be appealed to. Ministers of religion, of all known denominations, will be invited to cooperate, and if you will only consent to allow your name to appear upon the personnel of the committee, and will allow us to advertise your name as a speaker at tomorrow’s meeting, I feel sure there is nothing we shall not be able to achieve."  "I shall be delighted to help you in any way I can," Carne replied. "If my name is likely to be of any assistance to you, I beg you will make use of it. In the meantime, if you will permit me, I will forward you a cheque for one thousand pounds, being my contribution to the fund you have so charitably started."  Her ladyship beamed with delight, and even Lord Amberley smiled gracious approval.  "You are generous, indeed," said Lady Caroline. "I only wish others would imitate your example."  She did not say that, wealthy though she herself was, she had only contributed ten pounds to the fund. It is well known that while she inaugurated large works of charity, she seldom contributed very largely to them. As a wit once remarked: "Philanthropy was her virtue, and meanness was her vice."  "Egad," said Amberley, "if you’re going to open your pursestrings like that, Carne, I shall feel called upon to do the same."  "Then let me have the pleasure of booking both amounts at once," cried her ladyship, at the same time whipping out her notebook and pencil with flattering alacrity.  "I shall be delighted," said Carne, with a smile of eagerness.  "I also," replied Amberley, and in a trice both amounts were written down. Having gained her point, her ladyship rose to say goodbye. Lord Amberley immediately imitated her example.  "You will not forget, will you, Mr. Carne?" she said. "I am to have the pleasure of seeing you at my house tomorrow afternoon at three o’clock. We shall look forward to hearing your speech, and I need not remind you that every word you utter will be listened to with the closest attention."  "At three tomorrow afternoon," said Carne, "I shall be at your house. You need have no fear that I shall forget. And now, since you think you must be going, goodbye, and many thanks to you for asking me."  He escorted them to the carriage which was waiting outside, and when he had watched it drive away, returned to his study to write the cheque he had promised her. Having done so, he did not rise from his chair, but continued to sit at his writingtable biting the feather of his quill pen and staring at the blotting pad before him. A great and glorious notion had suddenly come into his head, and the majesty of it was for the moment holding him spellbound.  "If only it could be worked," he said to himself, "what a glorious _coup_ it would be. The question for my consideration is, can it be done? To invite the people of England to subscribe its pounds, shillings, and pence for my benefit, would be a glorious notion, and just the sort of thing I should enjoy. Besides which I have to remember that I am a thousand pounds to the bad already, and that must come back from somewhere. For the present, however I’ll put the matter aside. After the meeting tomorrow I shall have something tangible to go upon, and then, if I still feel in the same mind, it will be strange if I can’t find some way of doing what I want. In the meantime I shall have to think out my speech; upon that will depend a good deal of my success. It is a strange world in which it is ordained that so much should depend upon so little!"  At five minutes to three o’clock on the following afternoon Simon Carne might have been observedthat, I believe, is the correct expressionstrolling across from Apsley House to Gloucester Place. Reaching Lord Weltershall’s residence, he discovered a long row of carriages lining the pavement, and setting down their occupants at his lordship’s door. Carne followed the stream into the house, and was carried by it up the stairs towards the large drawingroom where the meeting was to be held. Already about a hundred persons were present, and it was evident that, if they continued to arrive at the same rate, it would not be long before the room would be filled to overflowing. Seeing Lady Caroline bidding her friends welcome near the door, Carne hastened to shake hands with her.  "It is so very good of you to come," she said, as she took his hand. "Remember, we are looking to you for a rousing speech this afternoon. We want one that will inflame all England, and touch the heartstrings of every man and woman in the land."  "To touch their pursestrings would, perhaps, be more to the point," said Carne, with one of his quiet smiles.  "Let us hope we shall touch them, too," she replied. "Now would you mind going to the dais at the other end of the room? You will find Lord Laverstock there, talking to my husband, I think."  Carne bowed, and went forward as he had been directed.  So soon as it was known that the celebrities had arrived, the meeting was declared open and the speechmaking commenced. Clever as some of them were it could not be doubted that Carne’s address was the event of the afternoon. He was a born speaker, and what was more, despite the short notice he had received, had made himself thoroughly conversant with his subject. His handsome face was on fire with excitement, and his sonorous voice rang through the large room like a trumpet call. When he sat down it was amidst a burst of applause. Lord Laverstock leant forward and shook hands with him.  "Your speech will be read all over England tomorrow morning," he said. "It should make a difference of thousands of pounds to the fund. I congratulate you most heartily upon it."  Simon Carne felt that if it was really going to make that difference he might, in the light of future events, heartily congratulate himself. He, however, accepted the praise showered upon him with becoming modesty, and, during the next speaker’s exhibition of halting elocution, amused himself watching the faces before him, and speculating as to what they would say when the surprise he was going to spring upon them became known. Halfanhour later, when the committee had been elected and the meeting had broken up, he bade his friends goodbye and set off on his return home. That evening he was dining at home, intending to call at his club afterwards, and to drop in at a reception and two dances between ten and midnight. After dinner, however, he changed his mind, and having instructed Ram Gafur to deny him to all callers, and countermanding his order for his carriage, went to his study, where he locked himself in and sat down to smoke and think.  He had set himself a puzzle which would have taxed the brain of that arch schemer Machiavelli himself. He was not, however, going to be beaten by it. There must be some way, he told himself, in which the fraud could be worked, and if there was he was going to find it. Numberless were the plans he formed, only to discover a few moments later that some little difficulty rendered each impracticable.  Suddenly, throwing down the pencil with which he had been writing, he sprang to his feet and began eagerly to pace the room. It was evident, from the expression upon his face, that he had touched upon a train of thought that was at last likely to prove productive. Reaching the fireplace for about the thirtieth time, he paused and gazed into the fireless grate. After standing there for a few moments he turned, and, with his hands in his pockets, said solemnly to himself: "Yes, I think it can be done!"  Whatever the train of thought may have been that led him to make this declaration, it was plain that it afforded him no small amount of satisfaction. He did not, however, commit himself at once to a decision, but continued to think over the scheme he had hit upon until he had completely mastered it. It was nearly midnight before he was thoroughly satisfied. Then he followed his invariable practice on such occasions, and rang for the inimitable Belton. When he had admitted him to the room, he bade him close and lock the door behind him.  By the time this had been done he had lit a fresh cigar, and had once more taken up his position on the hearthrug.  "I sent for you to say that I have just made up my mind to try a little scheme, compared with which all I have done so far will sink into insignificance."  "What is it, sir?" asked Belton.  "I will tell you, but you must not look so terrified. Put in a few words, it is neither more nor less than to attempt to divert the enormous sums of money which the prodigal English public is taking out of its pocket in order to assist the people of the Canary Islands, who have lost so severely by the recent terrible earthquake, into my own."  Belton’s face expressed his astonishment.  "But, my dear sir," he said, "that’s a fund of which the Marquis of Laverstock is president, and of whose committee you are one of the principal members."  "Exactly," answered Carne. "It is to those two happy circumstances I shall later on attribute the success I now mean to attain. Lord Laverstock is merely a pompous old nobleman, whose hobby is philanthropy. This lesson will do him good. It will be strange if, before I am a week older, I cannot twist him round my finger. Now for my instructions. In the first place, you must find me a moderatesized house, fit for an elderly lady, and situated in a fairly fashionable quarter, say South Kensington. Furnish it on the hire system from one of the big firms, and engage three servants who can be relied upon to do their work and, what is more important, who can hold their tongues.  "Next find me an old lady to impersonate the mistress of the house. She must be very frail and delicatelooking, and you will arrange with some livery stable people in the neighborhood to supply her with a carriage, in which she will go for an airing every afternoon in order that the neighborhood may become familiar with her personality. Both she and the servants must be made to thoroughly understand that their only chance of obtaining anything from me depends upon their carrying out my instructions to the letter. Also, while they are in the house, they must keep themselves to themselves. My identity, of course, must not transpire.  "As soon as I give the signal, the old lady must keep to the house, and the neighborhood must be allowed to understand that she is seriously ill. The day following she will be worse, and the next she will be dead. You will then make arrangements for the funeral, order a coffin, and arrange for the conveyance of the body to Southampton, _en route_ for the Channel Islands, where she is to be buried. At Southampton a yacht, which I will arrange for myself, will be in readiness to carry us out to sea. Do you think you understand?"  "Perfectly, sir," Belton replied, "but I wish I could persuade you to give up the attempt. You will excuse my saying so, sir, I hope, but it does seem to me a pity, when you have done so much, to risk losing it all over such a dangerous bit of business as this. It surely can’t succeed, sir?"  "Belton," said Carne very seriously, "you strike me as being in a strange humor tonight, and I cannot say that I like it. Were it not that I have the most implicit confidence in you, I should begin to think you were turning honest. In that case our connection would be likely to be a very short one."  "I hope, sir," Belton answered in alarm, "that you still believe I am as devoted as ever to your interests."  "I do believe it," Carne replied. "Let the manner in which you carry out the various instructions I have just given you, confirm me in that belief. This is Wednesday. I shall expect you to come to me on Saturday with a report that the house has been taken and furnished, and that the servants are installed and the delicate old lady in residence."  "You may rely upon my doing my best, sir."  "I feel sure of that," said Carne, "and now that all is arranged I think I will go to bed."  A week later a committee of the Canary Island Relief Fund was able to announce to the world, through the columns of the Daily Press, that the generous public of England had subscribed no less a sum than one hundred thousand pounds for the relief of the sufferers by the late earthquake. The same day Carne attended a committee meeting in Gloucester Place. A proposition advanced by Lady Weltershall and seconded by Simon Carne was carried unanimously. It was to the effect that in a week’s time such members of the Relief Committee as could get away should start for the scene of the calamity in the chairman’s yacht, which had been placed at their disposal, taking with them, for distribution among the impoverished inhabitants of the Islands, the sum already subscribed, namely, one hundred thousand pounds in English gold. They would then be able, with the assistance of the English Consul, to personally superintend the distribution of their money, and also be in a position to report to the subscribers, when they returned to England, the manner in which the money had been utilized.  "In that case," said Carne, who had not only seconded the motion, but had put the notion into Lady Weltershall’s head, "it might be as well if our chairman would interview the authorities of the bank, and arrange that the amount in question shall be packed, ready for delivery to the messengers he may select to call for it before the date in question."  "I will make it my business to call at the bank tomorrow morning," replied the chairman, "and perhaps you, Mr. Carne, would have no objection to accompany me."  "If it will facilitate the business of this committee I shall be only too pleased to do so," said Carne, and so it was settled.  On a Tuesday afternoon, six days later, and two days before the date upon which it had been arranged that the committee should sail, the Marquis of Laverstock received a letter. Lady Caroline Weltershall, the Earl of Amberley, and Simon Carne were with him when he opened it. He read it through, and then read it again, after which he turned to his guests.  "This is really a very extraordinary communication," he said, "and it affects the matter we have most at heart, perhaps I had better read it to you:   "_154, Great Chesterton Street,_  _Tuesday Evening._  To the Most Noble the Marquis of Laverstock, K. G., Berkeley Square.  "MY LORDAs one who has been permitted to enjoy a long and peaceful life in a country where such visitations are happily unknown, I take the liberty of writing to your Lordship to say how very much I should like to subscribe to the fund so nobly started by you and your friends to assist the poor people who have lost so much by the earthquake in the Canary Islands. Being a lonely old woman, blessed by Providence with some small share of worldly wealth, I feel it my duty to make some small sacrifice to help others who have not been so blessed.  "Unfortunately, I do not enjoy very good health, but if your Lordship could spare a moment to call upon me, I would like to thank you in the name of Womanhood, for all you have done, and, in proof of my gratitude, would willingly give you my cheque for the sum of ten thousand pounds to add to the amount already subscribed. I am permitted by my doctors to see visitors between the hours of eleven and twelve in the morning, and five and six in the afternoon. I should then be both honored and pleased to see your Lordship.  "Trusting you will concede me this small favor, I have the honor to be,  Yours very sincerely,  "JANET O’HALLORAN."   There was a momentary pause after his lordship had finished reading the letter.  "What will you do?" inquired Lady Caroline.  "It is a noble offering," put in Simon Carne.  "I think there cannot be two opinions as to what is my duty," replied the chairman. "I shall accede to her request, though why she wants to see me is more than I can tell."  "As she hints in the letter, she wishes to congratulate you personally on what you have done," continued the Earl of Amberley; "and as it will be the handsomest donation we have yet received, it will, perhaps, be as well to humor her."  "In that case I will do as I say, and make it my business to call there this afternoon between five and six. And now it is my duty to report to you that Mr. Simon Carne and I waited upon the authorities at the bank this morning, and have arranged that the sum of one hundred thousand pounds in gold shall be ready for our messengers when they call for it, either tomorrow morning or tomorrow afternoon at latest."  "It is a large sum to take with us," said Lady Caroline. "I trust it will not prove a temptation to thieves!"  "You need have no fear on that score," replied his lordship. "As I have explained to the manager, my own trusted servants will effect the removal of the money, accompanied by two private detectives, who will remain on board my yacht until we weigh anchor. We have left nothing to chance. To make the matter doubly sure, I have also arranged that the money shall not be handed over except to a person who shall present my cheque, and at the same time show this signet ring which I now wear upon my finger."  The other members of the committee expressed themselves as perfectly satisfied with this arrangement, and when certain other business had been transacted the meeting broke up.  As soon as he left Berkeley Square Carne returned with all haste to Porchester House. Reaching his study he ordered that Belton should be at once sent to him.  "Now, Belton," he said, when the latter stood before him, "there is not a moment to lose. Lord Laverstock will be at Great Chesterton Street in about two hours. Send a messenger to Waterloo to inquire if they can let us have a special train at seven o’clock to take a funeral party to Southampton. Use the name of Merryburn, and you may say that the amount of the charge, whatever it may be, will be paid before the train starts. As soon as you obtain a reply, bring it to Great Chesterton Street. In the meantime I shall disguise myself and go on to await you there. On the way I shall wire to the captain of the yacht at Southampton to be prepared for us. Do you understand what you have to do?"  "Perfectly, sir," Belton replied. "But I must confess that I am very nervous."  "There is no need to be. Mark my words, everything will go like clockwork. Now I am going to change my things and prepare for the excursion."  He would have been a sharp man who would have recognized in the dignifiedlooking clergyman who drove up in a hansom to Great Chesterton Street, halfanhour later, Simon Carne, who had attended the committee meeting of the Canary Island Relief Fund that afternoon. As he alighted he looked up, and saw that all the blinds were drawn down, and that there were evident signs that Death had laid his finger on the house. Having dismissed his cab he rang the bell, and when the door was opened entered the house. The butler who admitted him had been prepared for coming. He bowed respectfully, and conducted him into the drawingroom. There he found an intensely respectable lady, attired in black silk, seated beside the window.  "Go upstairs," he said peremptorily, "and remain in the room above this until you are told to come down. Be careful not to let yourself be seen. As soon as it gets dark tonight you can leave the house, but not till then. Before you go the money promised you will be paid. Now be off upstairs, and make sure that some of the neighbors catch sight of you."  Ten minutes later a man, who might have been a retired military officer, and who was dressed in the deepest black, drove up, and was admitted to the house. Though no one would have recognized him, Carne addressed him at once as "Belton."  "What have you arranged about the train?" he asked, as soon as they were in the drawingroom together.  "I have settled that it shall be ready to start for Southampton punctually at seven o’clock," the other answered.  "And what about the hearse?"  "It will be here at a quarter to seven, without fail."  "Very good; we will have the corpse ready meanwhile. Now, before you do anything else, have the two lower blinds in the front room drawn up. If he thinks there is trouble in the house he may take fright, and we must not scare our bird away after all the bother we have had to lure him here."  For the next hour they were busily engaged perfecting their arrangements. These were scarcely completed before a gorgeous landau drove up to the house, and Belton reported that the footman had alighted and was ascending the steps.  "Let his lordship be shown into the drawingroom," said Simon Carne, "and as soon as he is there do you, Belton, wait at the door. I’ll call you when I want you."  Carne went into the drawingroom and set the door ajar. As he did so he heard the footman inquire whether Mrs. O’Halloran was at home, and whether she would see his master. The butler answered in the affirmative, and a few moments later the Marquis ascended the steps.  "Will you be pleased to step this way my lord," said the servant. "My mistress is expecting you, and will see you at once."  When he entered the drawingroom he discovered the same portly, dignified clergyman whom the neighbors had seen enter the house an hour or so before, standing before the fireplace.  "Goodafternoon, my lord," said this individual as the door closed behind the butler. "If you will be good enough to take a seat, Mrs. O’Halloran will be down in a few moments."  His lordship did as he was requested, and while doing so commented on the weather, and allowed his eyes to wander round the room. He took in the grand piano, the easy chairs on either side of the bookcase, and the flowerstand in the window. He could see that there was plain evidence of wealth in these things. What his next thought would have been can only be conjectured, for he was suddenly roused from his reverie by hearing the man say in a gruff voice: "it’s all up, my lord. If you move or attempt to cry out, you’re a dead man!"  Swinging round he discovered a revolver barrel pointed at his head. He uttered an involuntary cry of alarm, and made as if he would rise.  "Sit down, sir," said the clergyman authoritatively. "Are you mad that you disobey me? You do not know with whom you are trifling."  "What do you mean?" cried the astonished peer, his eyes almost starting from his head. "I demand to be told what this behavior means. Are you aware who I am?"  "Perfectly," the other replied. "As to your other question, you will know nothing more than I choose to tell you. What’s more, I should advise you to hold your tongue, unless you desire to be gagged. That would be unpleasant for all parties."  Then, turning to the door, he cried: "Come in, Dick!"  A moment later the military individual, who had been to Waterloo to arrange about the train, entered the room to find the Most Noble the Marquis of Laverstock seated in an easy chair, almost beside himself with terror, with the venerable clergyman standing over him revolver in hand.  "Dick, my lad," said the latter quietly, "his lordship has been wise enough to hear reason. No, sir, thank you, your hands behind your back, as arranged, if you please. If you don’t obey me I shall blow your brains out, and it would be a thousand pities to spoil this nice Turkey carpet. That’s right. Now, Dick, my lad, I want his lordship’s pocketbook from his coat and those sheets of notepaper and envelopes we brought with us. I carry a stylographic pen myself, so there is no need of ink."  These articles having been obtained, they were placed on a table beside him, and Carne took possession of the pocketbook. He leisurely opened it, and from it took the cheque for one hundred thousand pounds, signed by the chairman and committee of the Canary Island Relief Fund, which had been drawn that afternoon.  "Now take the pen," he said, "and begin to write. Endeavor to remember that I am in a hurry, and have no time to waste. Let the first letter be to the bank authorities. Request them, in your capacity of Chairman of the Relief Fund, to hand to the bearers the amount of the cheque in gold."  "I will do no such thing," cried the old fellow sturdily. "Nothing shall induce me to assist you in perpetrating such a fraud."  "I am sorry to hear that," said Carne sweetly, "for I am afraid in that case we shall be compelled to make you submit to a rather unpleasant alternative. Come, sir, I will give you three minutes in which to write that letter. If at the end of that time you have not done so, I shall proceed to drastic measures."  So saying, he thrust the poker into the fire in a highly suggestive manner. Needless to say, within the time specified the letter had been written, placed in its envelope, and directed.  "Now I shall have to trouble you to fill in this telegraph form to your wife, to tell her that you have been called out of town, and do not expect to be able to return until tomorrow."  The other wrote as directed, and when he had done so Carne placed this paper also in his pocket.  "Now I want that signet ring upon your finger, if you please."  The old gentleman handed it over to his persecutor with a heavy sigh. He had realized that it was useless to refuse.  "Now that wineglass on the sideboard, Dick," said the clergyman, "also that carafe of water. When you have given them to me, go and see that the others things I spoke to you about are ready."  Having placed the articles in question upon the table Belton left the room. Carne immediately filled the glass, into which he poured about a tablespoonful of some dark liquid from a bottle which he took from his pocket, and which he had brought with him for that purpose.  "I’ll have to trouble you to drink this, my lord," he said, as he stirred the contents of the glass with an ivory paper knife taken from the table. "You need have no fear. It is perfectly harmless, and will not hurt you."  "I will not touch it," replied the other. "Nothing you can do or say will induce me to drink a drop of it."  Carne examined his watch ostentatiously.  "Time flies, I regret to say," he answered impressively, "and I cannot stay to argue the question with you. I will give you three minutes to do as I have ordered you. If you have not drunk it by that time we shall be compelled to repeat the little persuasion we tried with such success a few moments since."  "You wish to kill me," cried the other. "I will not drink it. I will not be murdered. You are a fiend to attempt such a thing."  "I regret to say you are wasting time," replied his companion. "I assure you if you drink it you will not be hurt. It is merely an opiate intended to put you to sleep until we have time to get away in safety. Come, that delightful poker is getting hot again, and if you do not do what I tell you, trouble will ensue. Think well before you refuse."  There was another pause, during which the unfortunate nobleman gazed first at the poker, which had been thrust between the bars of the grate and then at the relentless being who stood before him, revolver in hand. Never had a member of the House of Lords been placed in a more awkward and unenviable position.  "One minute," said Carne quietly.  There was another pause, during which the Marquis groaned in a heartrending manner. Carne remembered with a smile that the family title had been bestowed upon one of the Marquis’ ancestors for bravery on the field of battle.  "Two minutes!"  As he spoke he stooped and gave the poker a little twist.  "Three minutes!"  The words were scarce out of his mouth before Lord Laverstock threw up his hands.  "You are a heartless being to make me, but I will drink," he cried, and with an ashened face he immediately swallowed the contents of the glass.  "Thank you," said Carne politely.  The effect produced by the drug was almost instantaneous. A man could scarcely have counted a hundred before the old gentleman, who had evidently resigned himself to his fate, laid himself back in his chair and was fast asleep.  "He has succumbed even quicker than I expected," said Carne to himself as he bent over the prostrate figure and listened to his even breathing. "It is, perhaps, just as well that this drug is not known in England. At any rate, on this occasion it has answered my purpose most admirably."  At five minutes before seven o’clock a hearse containing the mortal remains of Mrs. O’Halloran, of Great Chesterton Street, South Kensington, entered the yard of Waterloo Station, accompanied by a hansom cab. A special train was in waiting to convey the party, which consisted of the deceased’s brother, a retired Indian officer, and her cousin, the vicar of a Somersetshire parish, to Southampton, where a steam yacht would transport them to Guernsey, in which place the remains were to be interred beside those of her late husband.  "I think we may congratulate ourselves, Belton, on having carried it out most successfully," said Carne when the coffin had been carried on board the yacht and placed in the saloon. "As soon as we are under weigh we’ll have this lid off and get the poor old gentleman out. He has had a good spell of it in there, but he may congratulate himself that the ventilating arrangements of his temporary home were so perfectly attended to. Otherwise I should have trembled for the result."  A few hours later, having helped his guest to recover consciousness, and having seen him safely locked up in a cabin on board, the yacht put in at a little seaport town some thirty or forty miles from Southampton Water, and landed two men in time to catch the midnight express to London. The following afternoon they rejoined the yacht a hundred miles or so further down the coast. When they were once more out at sea Carne called the skipper to his cabin.  "How has your prisoner conducted himself during our absence?" he asked. "Has he given any trouble?  "Not a bit," replied the man. "The poor old buffer’s been too sick to make a row. He sent away his breakfast and his lunch untouched. The only thing he seems to care about is champagne, and that he drinks by the bottlefull. I never saw a better man at his bottle in all my life."  It was well after ten o’clock that evening when Simon Carne, still attired as a respectable Church of England clergyman, unlocked the door and entered his prisoner’s cabin.  "You will be glad to hear, my lord," he said, "that your term of imprisonment has at last come to an end. You had better get up and dress, for a boat will be alongside in twenty minutes to take you ashore."  The unfortunate gentleman needed no second bidding. Ill as he had hitherto been, he seemed to derive new life from the other’s words. At any rate, he sprang out of his bunk, and set to work to dress with feverish energy. All the time Carne sat and watched him with an amused smile upon his face. So soon as he was ready, and the captain had knocked at the door, he was conducted to the deck and ordered to descend into a shore boat, which had come off in answer to a signal and was now lying alongside in readiness.  Carne and Belton leant over the bulwarks to watch him depart.  "Goodbye, my lord," cried the former, as the boat moved away. "It has been a sincere pleasure to me to entertain you, and I only hope that, in return, you have enjoyed your little excursion. You might give my respectful compliments to the members of the Canary Island Relief Fund, and tell them that there is at least one person on board this yacht who appreciates their kindly efforts."  Then his lordship stood up, and shook his fist at the yacht until it had faded away, and could no longer be seen owing to the darkness. Presently Carne turned to Belton.  "So much for the Most Noble the Marquis of Laverstock," he said, "and the Canary Island Relief Fund. Now, let us be off to town. Tomorrow I must be Simon Carne once more."  Next morning Simon Carne arose from his couch, in his luxurious bedroom, a little later than usual. He knew he should be tired, and had instructed Belton not to come in until he rang his bell. When the latter appeared he bade him bring in the morning papers. He found what he wanted in the first he opened, on the middle page, headed with three lines of large type:    GIGANTIC SWINDLE.   THE MARQUIS OF LAVERSTOCK ABDUCTED.  THE CANARY ISLAND FUND STOLEN.   "This looks quite interesting," said Carne, as he folded the paper in order to be able the better to read the account. "As I know something of the case I shall be interested to see what they have to say about it. Let me see."  The newspaper version ran as follows:  "Of all the series of extraordinary crimes which it has been our unfortunate duty to chronicle during this year of great rejoicing, it is doubtful whether a more impudent robbery has been perpetrated than that which we have to place before our readers this morning. As every one is well aware, a large fund has been collected from all classes for the relief of the sufferers by the recent Canary Island earthquake. On the day before the robbery took place this fund amounted to no less a sum than one hundred thousand pounds, and tomorrow it was the intention of the committee under the presidency of the Most Noble the Marquis of Laverstock to proceed to the seat of the disaster, taking with them the entire amount of the sum raised in English gold. Unfortunately for the success of this scheme, his lordship was the recipient, two days ago, of a letter from a person purporting to reside in Great Chesterton Street, South Kensington. She signed herself Janet O’Halloran, and offered to add a sum of ten thousand pounds to the amount already collected, provided the Marquis would call and collect her cheque personally. The excuse given for this extraordinary stipulation was that she wished to convey to him her thanks for the trouble he had taken.  "Accordingly, feeling that he had no right to allow such a chance to slip, his lordship visited the house. He was received in the drawingroom by a man dressed in the garb of a clergyman, who, assisted by a militarylooking individual, presently clapped a revolver to his head and demanded, under the threat of all sorts of penalties, that he should give up to him the cheque drawn upon the bank, and which it was the Marquis’s intention to have cashed the following morning. Not satisfied with this assurance, he was also made to write an order to the banking authorities authorizing them to pay over the money to the bearer, who was a trusted agent, while at the same time he was to supply them with his signet ring, which, as had already been arranged, would prove that the messengers were genuine and what they pretended to be. Next he was ordered to drink a powerful opiate, and after that his lordship remembers nothing more until he awoke to find himself on board a small yacht in midchannel. Despite the agony he was suffering, he was detained on board this piratical craft until late last night, when he was set ashore at a small village within a few miles of Plymouth. Such is his lordship’s story. The sequel to the picture is as follows:  "Soon after the bank was opened yesterday, a respectablelooking individual, accompanied by three others, who were introduced to the manager as private detectives, put in an appearance and presented the Relief Fund’s cheque at the counter. In reply to inquiries the letter written by the Marquis was produced, and the signet ring shown. Never for a moment doubting that these were the messengers the bank had all along been told to expect, the money was handed over and placed in a handsome private omnibus which was waiting outside. It was not until late last night, when a telegram was received from the Marquis of Laverstock from Plymouth, that the nature of the gigantic fraud which had been perpetrated was discovered. The police authorities were immediately communicated with and the matter placed in their hands. Unfortunately, however, so many hours had been allowed to elapse that it was extremely difficult to obtain any clue that might ultimately lead to the identification of the parties concerned in the fraud. So far the case bids fair to rank with those other mysterious robberies which, during the last few months, have shocked and puzzled all England."  "I regard that as a remarkably able exposition of the case," said Carne to himself with a smile as he laid the paper down, "but what an account the man would be able to write if only he could know what is in my safe upstairs!"  That afternoon he attended a committee meeting of the fund at Weltershall House. The unfortunate nobleman whose unpleasant experience had founded the subject of this story was present. Carne was among the first to offer him an expression of sympathy.  "I don’t know that I ever heard of a more outrageous case," he said. "I only hope that the scoundrels may be soon brought to justice."  "In the meantime what about the poor people we intended to help?" asked Lady Weltershall.  "They shall not lose," replied Lord Laverstock. "I shall refund the entire amount myself."  "No, no, my lord; that would be manifestly unfair," said Simon Carne. "We are all trustees of the fund and what happened is as much our faults as yours. If nine other people will do the same I am prepared to contribute a sum of ten thousand pounds towards the fund."  "I will follow your example," said the Marquis.  "I also," continued Lord Amberley.  By nightfall seven other gentleman had done the same, and, as Simon Carne said as he totalled the amounts: "By this means the Canary Islanders will not be losers after all."      *CHAPTER VIII.*   *AN IMPERIAL FINALE.*   Of all the functions that ornament the calendar of the English social and sporting year, surely the Lowes week may claim to rank as one of the greatest, or at least the most enjoyable. So thought Simon Carne as he sat on the deck of Lord Tremorden’s yacht, anchored off the mouth of the Medina River, smoking his cigarette and whispering soft nothings into the shelllike ear of Lady Mabel Madderley, the lady of all others who had won the right to be considered the beauty of the past season. It was a perfect afternoon, and, as if to fill his flagon of enjoyment to the very brim, he had won the Queen’s Cup with his yacht, _The Unknown Quantity_, only halfanhour before. Small wonder, therefore, that he was contented with his lot in life, and his good fortune of that afternoon in particular.  The tiny harbor was crowded with shipping of all sorts, shapes, and sizes, including the guardship, his Imperial Majesty the Emperor of Westphalia’s yacht the _Hohenzrallas_, the English Royal yachts, steam yachts, schooners, cutters, and all the various craft taking part in England’s greatest water carnival. Steam launches darted hither and thither, smartlyequipped gigs conveyed gailydressed parties from vessel to vessel, while, ashore the little town itself was alive with bunting, and echoed to the strains of almost continuous music.  "Surely you ought to consider yourself a very happy man, Mr. Carne," said Lady Mabel Madderley with a smile, in reply to a speech of the other’s. "You won the Derby in June, and today you have appropriated the Queen’s Cup."  "If such things constitute happiness I suppose I must be in the seventh heaven of delight," answered Carne, as he took another cigarette from his case and lit it. "All the same, I am insatiable enough to desire still greater fortune. When one has set one’s heart upon winning something, besides which the Derby and the Queen’s Cup are items scarcely worth considering, one is rather apt to feel that Fortune has still much to give."  "I am afraid I do not quite grasp your meaning," she said. But there was a look in her face that told him that, if she did not understand, she could at least make a very good guess. According to the world’s reckoning, he was quite the best fish then swimming in the matrimonial pond, and some people, for the past few weeks, had even gone so far as to say that she had hooked him. It could not be denied that he had been paying her unmistakable attention of late.  What answer he would have vouchsafed to her speech it is impossible to say for at that moment their host came along the deck towards them. He carried a note in his hand.  "I have just received a message to say that His Imperial Majesty is going to honor us with a visit," he said, when he reached them. "If I mistake not, that is his launch coming towards us now."  Lady Mabel and Simon Carne rose and accompanied him to the starboard bulwarks. A smart white launch with the Westphalian flag flying at her stern, had left the Royal yacht and was steaming quickly towards them. A few minutes later it had reached the companion ladder, and Lord Tremorden had descended to welcome his Royal guest. When they reached the deck together, his Majesty shook hands with Lady Tremorden, and afterwards with Lady Mabel and Simon Carne.  "I must congratulate you most heartily, Mr. Carne," he said, "on your victory today. You gave us an excellent race, and though I had the misfortune to be beaten by thirty seconds, still I have the satisfaction of knowing that the winner was a better boat in every way than my own."  "Your Majesty adds to the sweets of victory by your generous acceptance of defeat," Carne replied "But I must confess that I owe my success in no way to my own ability. The boat was chosen for me by another, and I have not even the satisfaction of saying that I sailed her myself."  "Nevertheless she is your property, and you will go down to posterity famous in yachting annals as the winner of the Queen’s Cup in this justly celebrated year."  With this compliment his Majesty turned to his hostess and entered into conversation with her, leaving his aidedecamp free to discuss the events of the day with Lady Mabel. When he took his departure halfanhour later, Carne also bade his friends goodbye, and, descending to his boat, was rowed away to his own beautiful steam yacht, which was anchored a few cables’ length away from the Imperial craft. He was to dine on board the latter vessel that evening.  On gaining the deck he was met by Belton, his valet, who carried a telegram in his hand. As soon as he received it, Carne opened it and glanced at the contents.  "Come below," he said quickly. "There is news enough here to give us something to think of for hours to come."  Reaching the saloon, which was decorated with all the daintiness of the upholsterer’s art, he led the way to the cabin he had arranged as a study. Having entered it, he shut and locked the door.  "It’s all up, Belton," he said. "The comedy has lasted long enough, and now it only remains for us to speak the tag, and after that to ring the curtain down as speedily as may be."  "I am afraid, sir, I do not quite take your meaning," said Belton. "Would you mind telling me what has happened?"  "I can do that in a very few words," the other answered. "This cablegram is from Trincomalee Liz, and was dispatched from Bombay yesterday. Read it for yourself."  He handed the paper to his servant, who read it carefully aloud:  To CARNE, Portchester House, Park Lane, London.Bradfield left fortnight since. Have ascertained that you are the object. TRINCOMALEE.  "This is very serious, sir," said the other, when he had finished.  "As you say, it is very serious indeed," Carne replied. "Bradfield thinks he has caught me at last, I suppose; but he seems to forget that it is possible for me to be as clever as himself. Let me look at the message again. Left a fortnight ago, did he? Then I’ve still a little respite. By Jove, if that’s the case, I’ll see that I make the most of it."  "But surely, sir, you will leave at once," said Belton quickly. "If this man, who has been after us so long, is now more than halfway to England, coming with the deliberate intention of running you to earth, surely, sir, you’ll see the advisability of making your escape while you have time."  Carne smiled indulgently.  "Of course I shall escape, my good Belton," he said. "You have never known me to neglect to take proper precautions yet; but before I go I must do one more piece of business. It must be something by the light of which all I have hitherto accomplished will look like nothing. Something really great, that will make England open its eyes as it has not done yet."  Belton stared at him, this time in undisguised amazement.  "Do you mean to tell me, sir," he said with the freedom of a privileged servant, "that you intend to run another risk, when the only man who knows sufficient of your career to bring you to book is certain to be in England in less than a fortnight? I cannot believe that you would be so foolish, sir. I beg of you to think what you are doing."  Carne, however, paid but small attention to his servant’s entreaties.  "The difficulty," he said to himself, speaking his thoughts aloud, "is to understand quite what to do. I seem to have used up all my big chances. However, I’ll think it over, and it will be strange if I don’t hit upon something. In the meantime, Belton, you had better see that preparations are made for leaving England on Friday next. Tell the skipper to have everything ready. We shall have done our work by that time; then hey for the open sea and freedom from the trammels of a society life once more. You might drop a hint or two to certain people that I am going, but be more than careful what you say. Write to the agents about Portchester House, and attend to all the other necessary details. You may leave me now."  Belton bowed, and left the cabin without another word. He knew his master sufficiently well to feel certain that neither entreaties nor expostulations would make him abandon the course he had mapped out for himself. That being so, he bowed to the inevitable with a grace which had now become a habit to him.  When he was alone, Carne once more sat for upwards of an hour in earnest thought. He then ordered his gig, and, when it was ready, set out for the shore. Making his way to the telegraph office, he dispatched a message which at any other and less busy, time, would have caused the operator some astonishment. It was addressed to a Mahommedan dealer in precious stones in Bombay, and contained only two words in addition to the signature. They were:  "Leaving?come."  He knew that they would reach the person for whom they were intended, and that she would understand their meaning and act accordingly.  The dinner that night on board the Imperial yacht _Hohenszrallas_ was a gorgeous affair in every sense of the word. All the principal yachtowners were present, and, at the conclusion of the banquet, Carne’s health as winner of the great event of the regatta, was proposed by the Emperor himself, and drunk amid enthusiastic applause. It was a proud moment for the individual in question, but he bore his honors with that quiet dignity that had stood him in such good stead on so many similar occasions. In his speech he referred to his approaching departure from England, and this, the first inkling of such news, came upon his audience like a thunderclap. When they had taken leave of his Majesty soon after midnight, and were standing on deck, waiting for their respective boats to draw up to the accommodation ladder, Lord Orpington made his way to where Simon Carne was standing.  "Is it really true that you intend leaving us so soon?" he asked.  "Quite true, unfortunately," Carne replied. "I had hoped to have remained longer, but circumstances over which I have no control make it imperative that I should return to India without delay. Business that exercises a vital influence upon my fortunes compels me. I am therefore obliged to leave without fail on Friday next. I have given orders to that effect this afternoon."  "I am extremely sorry to hear it, that’s all I can say," said Lord Amberley, who had just come up. "I assure you we shall all miss you very much indeed."  "You have all been extremely kind," said Carne, "and I have to thank you for an exceedingly pleasant time. But, there, let us postpone consideration of the matter for as long as possible. I think this is my boat. Won’t you let me take you as far as your own yacht?"  "Many thanks, but I don’t think we need trouble you," said Lord Orpington. "I see my gig is just behind yours."  "In that case, goodnight," said Carne. "I shall see you as arranged, tomorrow morning, I suppose?"  "At eleven," said Lord Amberley. "We’ll call for you and go ashore together. Goodnight."  By the time Carne had reached his yacht he had made up his mind. He had also hit upon a scheme, the daring of which almost frightened himself. If only he could bring it off, he told himself, it would be indeed a fitting climax to all he had accomplished since he had arrived in England. Retiring to his cabin, he allowed Belton to assist him in his preparations for the night almost without speaking. It was not until the other was about to leave the cabin that he broached the subject that was occupying his mind to the exclusion of all else.  "Belton," he said, "I have decided upon the greatest scheme that has come into my mind yet. If Simon Carne is going to say farewell to the English people on Friday next, and it succeeds, he will leave them a legacy to think about for some time after he has gone."  "You are surely not going to attempt anything further, sir," said Belton in alarm. "I did hope, sir, that you would have listened to my entreaties this afternoon."  "It was impossible for me to do so," said Carne. "I am afraid; Belton, you are a little lacking in ambition. I have noticed that on the last three occasions you have endeavored to dissuade me from my endeavors to promote the healthy excitement of the English reading public. On this occasion fortunately, I am able to withstand you. Tomorrow morning you will commence preparations for the biggest piece of work to which I have yet put my hand."  "If you have set your mind upon doing it, sir, I am quite aware that it is hopeless for me to say anything," said Belton resignedly. "May I know, however, what it is going to be?"  Carne paused for a moment before he replied.  "I happen to know that the Emperor of Westphalia, whose friendship I have the honor to claim," he said, "has a magnificent collection of gold plate on board his yacht. It is my intention, if possible, to become the possessor of it."  "Surely that will be impossible, sir," said Belton. "Clever as you undoubtedly are in arranging these things, I do not see how you can do it. A ship at the best of times is such a public place, and they will be certain to guard it very closely."  "I must confess that at first glance I do not quite see how it is to be managed, but I have a scheme in my head which I think may possibly enable me to effect my purpose. At any rate, I shall be able to tell you more about it tomorrow. First, let us try a little experiment."  As he spoke he seated himself at his dressingtable, and bade Belton bring him a box which had hitherto been standing in a corner. When he opened it, it proved to be a pretty little cedarwood affair divided into a number of small compartments, each of which contained crépe hair of a different color. Selecting a small portion from one, particular compartment, he unravelled it until he had obtained the length he wanted, and then with dexterous fingers constructed a moustache, which he attached with spirit gum to his upper lip. Two or three twirls gave it the necessary curl, then with a pair of ivorybacked brushes taken from the dressingtable he brushed his hair back in a peculiar manner, placed a hat of uncommon shape upon his head, took a heavy boat cloak from a cupboard near at hand, threw it round his shoulders, and, assuming an almost defiant expression, faced Belton, and desired him to tell him whom he resembled.  Familiar as he was with his master’s marvelous power of disguise and his extraordinary faculty of imitation, the latter could not refrain from expressing his astonishment.  "His Imperial Majesty the Emperor of Westphalia," he said. "The likeness is perfect."  "Good," said Carne. "From that exhibition you will gather something of my plan. Tomorrow evening, as you are aware, I am invited to meet his Majesty, who is to dine ashore accompanied by his aidedecamp, Count Von Walzburg. Here is the latter’s photograph. He possesses, as you know, a very decided personality, which is all in our favor. Study it carefully."  So saying, he took from a drawer a photograph, which he propped against the lookingglass on the dressingtable before him. It represented a tall, militarylooking individual, with bristling eyebrows, a large nose, a heavy grey moustache, and hair of the same color. Belton examined it carefully.  "I can only suppose, sir," he said, "that as you are telling me this, you intend me to represent Count Von Walzburg."  "Exactly," said Carne. "That is my intention. It should not be at all difficult. The Count is just your height and build. You will only need the moustache, the eyebrows, the grey hair, and the large nose, to look the part exactly. Tomorrow will be a dark night, and, if only I can control circumstances sufficiently to obtain the chance I want, detection, in the first part of our scheme at any rate, should be more unlikely, if not almost impossible."  "You’ll excuse my saying so, I hope, sir," said Belton, "but it seems a very risky game to play when we have done so well up to the present."  "You must admit that the glory will be the greater, my friend, if we succeed."  "But surely, sir, as I said just now, they keep the plate you mention in a secure place, and have it properly guarded."  "I have made the fullest inquiries, you may be sure. It is kept in a safe in the chief steward’s cabin, and, while it is on board, a sentry is always on duty at the door. Yes, all things considered, I should say it is kept in a remarkably secure place."  "Then, sir, I’m still at a loss to see how you are going to obtain possession of it."  Carne smiled indulgently. It pleased him to see how perplexed his servant was.  "In the simplest manner possible," he said, "provided always that I can get on board the yacht without my identity being questioned. The manner in which we are to leave the vessel will be rather more dangerous, but not sufficiently so to cause us any great uneasiness. You are a good swimmer, I know, so that a hundred yards should not hurt you. You must also have a number of stout canvas sacks, say six prepared, and securely attached to each the same number of strong lines; the latter must be fifty fathoms long, and have at the end of each a stout swivelhook. The rest is only a matter of detail. Now, what have you arranged with regard to matters in town?"  "I have fulfilled your instructions, sir, to the letter," said Belton. "I have communicated with the agents who act for the owner of Portchester House. I have caused an advertisement to be inserted in all the papers tomorrow morning to the effect that the renowned detective Klimo, will be unable to meet his clients for at least a month, owing to the fact that he has accepted an important engagement upon the Continent, which will take him from home for that length of time. I have negotiated the sale of the various horses you have in training, and I have also arranged for the disposal of the animals and carriages you have now in use in London. Ram Gafur and the other native servants at Portchester House will come down by the midday train tomorrow, but before they do so, they will fulfill your instructions and repair the hole in the wall between the two houses. I cannot think of any more, sir."  "You have succeeded admirably, my dear Belton," said Carne, "and I am very pleased. Tomorrow you had better see that a paragraph is inserted in all the daily papers announcing the fact that it is my intention to leave England for India immediately, on important private business. I think that will do for tonight."  Next morning he was up by sunrise, and, by the time his friends Lords Orpington and Amberley were thinking about breakfast, had put the finishing touches to the scheme which was to bring his career in England to such a fitting termination.  According to the arrangement entered into on the previous day his friends called for him at eleven o’clock, when they went ashore together. It was a lovely morning, and Carne was in the highest spirits. They visited the Castle together, made some purchases in the town, and then went off to lunch on board Lord Orpington’s yacht. It was wellnigh three o’clock before Carne bade his host and hostess farewell, and descended the gangway in order to return to his own vessel. A brisk sea was running, and for this reason to step into the boat was an exceedingly difficult if not a dangerous, matter. Either he miscalculated his distance, or he must have jumped at the wrong moment; at any rate, he missed his footing, and fell heavily on to the bottom. Scarcely a second, however, had elapsed before his coxswain had sprung to his assistance, and lifted him up on to the seat in the stern. It was then discovered that he had been unfortunate enough to once more give a nasty twist to the ankle which had brought him to such grief when he had been staying at Greenthorpe Park on the occasion of the famous wedding.  "My dear fellow, I am so sorry," said Lord Orpington, who had witnessed the accident. "Won’t you come on board again? We can easily hoist you over the side."  "Many thanks," replied Carne, "but I think I can manage to get back to my own boat. It is better I should do so. My man has had experience of my little ailments, and knows exactly what is best to be done under such circumstances; but it is a terrible nuisance, all the same. I’m afraid it will be impossible for me now to be present at his Royal Highness’s dinner this evening, and I have been looking forward to it so much."  "We shall all be exceedingly sorry," said Lord Amberley. "I shall come across in the afternoon to see how you are."  "You are very kind," said Carne, "and I shall be immensely glad to see you if you can spare the time."  With that he gave the signal to his man to push off. By the time he reached his own yacht his foot was so painful that it was necessary for him to be lifted on boarda circumstance which was duly noticed by the occupants of all the surrounding yachts, who had brought their glasses to bear upon him. Once below in his saloon, he was placed in a comfortable chair and left to Belton’s careful attention.  "I trust you have not hurt yourself very much, sir," said that faithful individual, who, however, could not prevent a look of satisfaction coming into his face, which seemed to say that he was not illpleased that his master would, after all, be prevented from carrying out the hazardous scheme he had proposed to him the previous evening.  In reply Carne sprang to his feet without showing a trace of lameness.  "My dear Belton, how peculiarly dense you are today," he said, with a smile, as he noticed the other’s amazement. "Cannot you see that I have only been acting as you yourself wished I should do early this morningnamely, taking precautions? Surely you must see that, if I am laid up on board my yacht with a sprained ankle, Society will say that it is quite impossible for me to be doing any mischief elsewhere. Now, tell me, is everything prepared for tonight?"  "Everything, sir," Belton replied. "The dresses and wigs are ready. The canvas sacks, and the lines to which the spring hooks are attached, are in your cabin awaiting your inspection. As far as I can see, everything is prepared, and I hope will meet with your satisfaction."  "If you are as careful as usual I feel sure it will," said Carne. "Now get some bandages and make this foot of mine up into as artistic a bundle as you possibly can. After that help me on deck and prop me up in a chair. As soon as my accident gets known there will be certain to be shoals of callers on board, and I must play my part as carefully as possible."  Day closed in and found the sky covered with heavy clouds. Towards eight o’clock a violent storm of rain fell, and when Carne heard it beating upon the deck above his cabin, and reflected that in consequence the night would in all probability be dark, he felt his lucky star was indeed in the ascendant.  At halfpast eight he retired to his cabin with Belton, in order to prepare for the events of the evening. Never before had he paid such careful attention to his makeup. He knew that on this occasion the least carelessness might lead to detection, and he had no desire that his last and greatest exploit should prove his undoing.  It was halfpast nine before he and his servant had dressed and were ready to set off. Then placing broadbrimmed hats upon their heads, and carrying a portmanteau containing the cloaks and headgear which they were to wear later in the evening, they went on deck and descended into the dinghy which was waiting for them alongside. In something under a quarter of an hour they had been put ashore in a secluded spot, had changed their costumes, and were walking boldly down beside the water towards the steps where they could see the Imperial launch still waiting. Her crew were lolling about, joking and laughing, secure in the knowledge that it would be some hours at least before their sovereign would be likely to require their services again.  Their astonishment, therefore, may well be imagined when they saw approaching them the two men whom they had only halfanhour before brought ashore. Stepping in and taking his seat under the shelter, his Majesty ordered them to convey him back to the yacht with all speed. The accent and voice were perfect, and it never for an instant struck any one on board the boat that a deception was being practiced. Carne, however, was aware that this was only a preliminary; the most dangerous portion of the business was yet to come.  On reaching the yacht, he sprang out on the ladder, followed by his aidedecamp, Von Walzburg, and mounted the steps. His disguise must have been perfect indeed, for when he reached the deck he found himself face to face with the first lieutenant, who, on seeing him, saluted respectfully. For a moment Carne’s presence of mind almost deserted him; then, seeing that he was not discovered, he determined upon a bold piece of bluff. Returning the officer’s salute with just the air he had seen the Emperor use, he led him to suppose that he had important reasons for coming on board so soon, and, as if to back this assertion up, bade him send the chief steward to his cabin, and at the same time had the sentry removed from his door and placed at the end of the large saloon, with instructions to allow no one to pass until he was communicated with again.  The officer saluted and went off on his errand, while Carne, signing to Belton to follow him, made his way down the companion ladder to the Royal cabins. To both the next few minutes seemed like hours. Reaching the Imperial stateroom, they entered it, and closed the door behind. Provided the sentry obeyed his orders, which there was no reason to doubt he would do, and the Emperor himself did not return until they were safely off the vessel again, there seemed every probability of their being able to carry out their scheme without a hitch.  "Put those bags under the table, and unwind the lines and place them in the gallery outside the window. They won’t be seen there," said Carne to Belton, who was watching him from the doorway. "Then stand by, for in a few minutes the chief steward will be here. As soon as he enters you must manage to get between him and the door, and, while I am engaging him in conversation, spring on him, clutch him by the throat, and hold him until I can force this gag into his mouth. After that we shall be safe for some time at least, for not a soul will come this way until they discover their mistake. It seems to me we ought to thank our stars that the chief steward’s cabin was placed in such a convenient position. But hush, here comes the individual we want. Be ready to collar him as soon as I hold up my hand. If he makes a sound we are lost."  He had scarcely spoken before there was a knock at the door. When it opened, the chief steward entered the cabin, closing the door behind him.  "Schmidt," said his Majesty, who was standing at the further end of the cabin, "I have sent for you in order that I may question you on a matter of the utmost importance. Draw nearer."  The man came forward as he was ordered, and, having done so, looked his master full and fair in the face. Something he saw there seemed to stagger him. He glanced at him a second time, and was immediately confirmed in his belief.  "You are not the Emperor," he cried. "There is some treachery in this. I shall call for assistance."  He had half turned, and was about to give the alarm, when Carne held up his hand, and Belton, who had been creeping stealthily up behind him, threw himself upon him and had clutched him by the throat before he could utter a sound. The fictitious Emperor immediately produced a cleverly constructed gag and forced it into the terrified man’s mouth, who in another second was lying upon the floor bound hand and foot.  "There, my friend," said Carne quietly, as he rose to his feet a few moments later, "I don’t think you will give us any further trouble. Let me just see that those straps are tight enough, and then we’ll place you on this settee, and afterwards get to business with all possible dispatch."  Having satisfied himself on these points, he signed to Belton and between them they placed the man upon the couch.  "Let me see, I think, if I remember rightly, you carry the key of the safe in this pocket."  So saying, he turned the man’s pocket inside out and appropriated the bunch of keys he found therein. Choosing one from it, he gave a final look at the bonds which secured the prostrate figure, and then turned to Belton.  "I think he’ll do," he said. "Now for business. Bring the bags, and come with me."  So saying, he crossed the cabin, and, having assured himself that there was no one about to pry upon them, passed along the luxuriously carpeted alley way until he arrived at the door of the cabin assigned to the use of the chief steward, and in which was the safe containing the magnificent gold plate, the obtaining of which was the reason of his being there. To his surprise and chagrin, the door was closed and locked. In his plans he had omitted to allow for this emergency. In all probability, however, the key was in the man’s pocket, so, turning to Belton, he bade him return to the stateroom and bring him the keys he had thrown upon the table.  The latter did as he was ordered, and, when he had disappeared, Carne stood alone in the alley way waiting and listening to the various noises of the great vessel. On the deck overhead he could hear some one tramping heavily up and down, and then, in an interval of silence, the sound of pouring rain. Good reason as he had to be anxious, he could not help smiling as he thought of the incongruity of his position. He wondered what his aristocratic friends would say if he were captured and his story came to light. In his time he had impersonated a good many people, but never before had he had the honor of occupying such an exalted station. This was the last and most daring of all his adventures.  Minutes went by, and as Belton did not return, Carne found himself growing nervous. What could have become of him? He was in the act of going in search of him, when he appeared carrying in his hand the bunch of keys for which he had been sent. His master seized them eagerly.  "Why have you been so long?" he asked in a whisper. "I began to think something had gone wrong with you."  "I stayed to make our friend secure," the other answered. "He had wellnigh managed to get one of his hands free. Had he done so, he would have had the gag out of his mouth in no time, and have given the alarm. Then we should have been caught like rats in a trap."  "Are you quite sure he is secure now?" asked Carne anxiously.  "Quite," replied Belton, "I took good care of that."  "In that case we had better get to work on the safe without further delay. We have wasted too much time already, and every moment is an added danger."  Without more ado, Carne placed the most likely key in the lock and turned it. The bolt shot back, and the treasure chamber lay at his mercy.  The cabin was not a large one, but it was plain that every precaution had been taken to render it secure. The large safe which contained the Imperial plate, and which it was Carne’s intention to rifle, occupied one entire side. It was of the latest design, and when Carne saw it he had to confess to himself that, expert craftsman as he was, it was one that would have required all his time and skill to open.  With the master key, however, it was the work of only a few seconds. The key was turned, the lever depressed, and then, with a slight pull, the heavy door swung forward. This done, it was seen that the interior was full to overflowing.  "Come, Belton," he said, "get these things out as quickly as possible and lay them on the floor. We can carry only away a certain portion of the plunder, so let us make sure that that portion is the best."  A few moments later the entire cabin was strewn with salvers, goblets, bowls, epergnes, gold and silver dishes, plates, cups, knives, forks, and almost every example of the goldsmith’s art. In his choice Carne was not guided by what was handsomest or most delicate in workmanship or shape. Weight was his only standard. Silver he discarded altogether, for it was of less than no account. In something under ten minutes he had made his selection, and the stout canvas bags they had brought with them for that purpose were full to their utmost holding capacity.  "We can carry no more," said Carne to his faithful retainer, as they made the mouth of the last bag secure. "Pick up yours and let us get back to the Emperor’s stateroom."  Having locked the door of the cabin, they returned to the place whence they had started. There they found the unfortunate steward lying on the settee. Placing the bags he carried upon the ground, Carne crossed to him, and, before doing anything else, carefully examined the bonds with which he was secured. Having done this, he went to the stern windows, and, throwing one open, stepped into the gallery outside. Fortunately for what he intended to do, it was still raining heavily, and in consequence the night was as dark as the most consummate conspirator could have desired. Returning to the room, he bade Belton help him carry the bags into the gallery, and, when this had been done, made fast the swivelhooks to the rings in the mouth of each.  "Take up your bags as quietly as possible," he said, "and lower them one by one into the water, but take care that they don’t get entangled in the propeller. When you’ve done that, slip the rings at the other end of the lines through your belt, and buckle the latter tightly."  Belton did as he was ordered, and in a few moments the six bags were lying at the bottom of the sea.  "Now off with these wigs and things, and say when you’re ready for a swim."  Their disguises having been discarded and thrown overboard, Carne and Belton clambered over the rails of the gallery and lowered themselves until their feet touched the water. Next moment they had both let go, and were swimming in the direction of Carne’s own yacht.  Much exhausted, they reached the yacht’s stern and clutched at the rope ladder which Carne had himself placed there before he had set out on the evening’s excursion. In less time than it takes to tell, he had mounted it and gained the deck, followed by his faithful servant. They presented a sorry spectacle as they stood side by side at the taffrail, the water dripping from their clothes and pattering upon the deck.  "Thank goodness we are here at last," said Carne, as soon as he had recovered his breath sufficiently to speak. "Now slip off your belt, and hang it over this cleat with mine."  Belton did as he was directed, and then followed his master to the saloon companion ladder. Once below, they changed their clothes as quickly as possible, and having donned mackintoshes, returned to the deck, where it was still raining hard.  "Now," said Carne, "for the last and most important part of our evening’s work. Let us hope the lines will prove equal to the demands we are about to make upon them."  As he said this, he took one of the belts from his cleat upon which he had placed it, and having detached a line, began to pull it in, Belton following his example with another. Their hopes that they would prove equal to the confidence placed in them proved well founded, for, in something less than a quarter of an hour, the six bags, containing the Emperor of Westphalia’s magnificent gold plate, were lying upon the deck, ready to be carried below and stowed away in the secret place in which Carne had arranged to hide his treasure.  "Now, Belton," said Carne, as he pushed the panel back into its place, and pressed the secret spring that locked it, "I hope you’re satisfied with what we have done. We’ve made a splendid haul, and you shall have your share of it. In the meantime, just get me to bed as quickly as you can, for I’m dead tired. When you’ve done so, be off to your own. Tomorrow morning you will have to go up town to arrange with the bank authorities about my account."  Belton did as he was ordered and halfanhour later his master was safely in bed and asleep.  It was late next morning when he awoke. He had scarcely breakfasted before the Earl of Amberley and Lord Orpington made their appearance over the side. To carry out the part he had arranged to play, he received them seated in his deck chair, his swaddledup right foot reclining on a cushion before him. On seeing his guests, he made as if he would rise, but they begged him to remain seated.  "I hope your ankle is better this morning," said Lord Orpington politely, as he took a chair beside his friend.  "Much better, thank you," Carne replied. "It was not nearly so serious as I feared. I hope to be able to hobble about a little this afternoon. And now tell me the news, if there is any."  "Do you mean to say that you have not heard the great news?" asked Lord Amberley, in a tone of astonishment.  "I have heard nothing," Carne replied. "Remember, I have not been ashore this morning, and I have been so busily engaged with the preparations for my departure tomorrow that I have not had time to look at my papers. Pray what is this news of which you speak with such bated breath?"  "Listen, and I’ll tell you," Lord Orpington answered, and he related the events of the previous night, Carne’s face, in the meantime, showing great astonishment.  "Good gracious?" said Carne. "I never heard of such a thing. Surely it’s the most impudent robbery that has taken place for many years past. To represent the Emperor of Westphalia and his aidedecamp so closely that they could deceive even the officers of his own yacht, and to take a sentry off one post and place him in such a position as to protect them while at their own nefarious work, seems to me the very height of audacity. But how did they get their booty away again? Gold plate, under the most favorable circumstances, is by no means an easy thing to carry."  As he asked this question, Carne lit another cigar with a hand as steady as a rock.  "They must have escaped in a boat that, it is supposed, was lying under the shelter of the stern gallery," replied Lord Amberley.  "And is the chief steward able to furnish the police with no clue as to their identity?"  "None whatever," replied Orpington. "He opines to the belief, however, that they are Frenchmen. One of them, the man who impersonated the Emperor, seems to have uttered an exclamation in that tongue."  "And when was the robbery discovered?"  "Only when the real Emperor returned to the vessel shortly after midnight. There was no launch to meet him, and he had to get Tremorden to take him off. You can easily imagine the surprise his arrival occasioned. It was intensified when they went below to find his Majesty’s cabin turned upside down, the chief steward lying bound and gagged upon the sofa, and all that was most valuable of the gold plate missing."  "What an extraordinary story!"  "And now, having told you the news with which the place is ringing, we must be off about our business," said Orpington. "Is it quite certain that you are going to leave us tomorrow?"  "Quite, I am sorry to say," answered Carne. "I am going to ask as many of my friends as possible to do me the honor of lunching with me at one o’clock, and at five I shall weigh anchor and bid England goodbye. I shall have the pleasure of your company, I hope."  "I shall have much pleasure," said Orpington.  "And I also," replied Amberley.  "Then goodbye for the present. It’s just possible I may see you again during the afternoon."  The luncheon next day was as brilliant a social gathering as the most fastidious in such matters could have desired. Every one then in Cowes who had any claim to distinction was present, and several had undertaken the journey from town in order to say farewell to one who had made himself so popular during his brief stay in England. When Carne rose to reply to the toast of his health, proposed by the Prime Minister, it was observable that he was genuinely moved, as, indeed, were most of his hearers.  For the remainder of the afternoon his yacht’s deck was crowded with his friends, all of whom expressed the hope that it might not be very long before he was amongst them once more.  To these kind speeches Carne invariably offered a smiling reply.  "I also trust it will not be long," he answered. "I have enjoyed my visit immensely, and you may be sure I shall never forget it as long as I live."  An hour later the anchor was weighed, and his yacht was steaming out of the harbor amid the scene of intense enthusiasm. As the Prime Minister had that afternoon informed him, in the public interest, the excitement of his departure was dividing the honors of the burglary of the Emperor of Westphalia’s gold plate.  Carne stood beside his captain on the bridge, watching the little fleet of yachts until his eyes could no longer distinguish them. Then he turned to Belton, who had just joined him, and, placing his hand upon his shoulder, said:  "So much for our life in England, Belton, my friend. It has been glorious fun, and no one can deny that from a business point of view it 